<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html;charset=utf-8" />
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
<link rel="search" href="http://bettergedcom.wikispaces.com/space/opensearch" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml" title="Wikispaces Search (BetterGedcom Wiki)" />
<link rel="alternate" type="application/x-wiki" title="Edit This Page" href="/page/edit/OrganizersMeetingNotes+2011-12-13+%28Dec+13%29" />
<link rel="alternate" title="BetterGedcom - All Changes" href="http://bettergedcom.wikispaces.com/wiki/xmla?v=rss_2_0" type="application/rss+xml" />
<link rel="alternate" title="bettergedcom : OrganizersMeetingNotes 2011-12-13 (Dec 13) - Discussion" href="http://bettergedcom.wikispaces.com/message/xml/OrganizersMeetingNotes+2011-12-13+%28Dec+13%29?v=rss_2_0" type="application/rss+xml" />
<link rel="alternate" title="bettergedcom : OrganizersMeetingNotes 2011-12-13 (Dec 13) - Edits" href="http://bettergedcom.wikispaces.com/page/xml/OrganizersMeetingNotes+2011-12-13+%28Dec+13%29?v=rss_2_0" type="application/rss+xml" />
<link rel="microsummary" href="/page/microsummary/OrganizersMeetingNotes+2011-12-13+%28Dec+13%29/edits"/>
<link rel="microsummary" href="/page/microsummary/OrganizersMeetingNotes+2011-12-13+%28Dec+13%29/messages"/>
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" />
<script type="text/javascript">
  
if (typeof ws === 'undefined') ws = {};
ws.context = {
  instance: {
    id: '1',
    url: 'wikispaces.com',
    isMain: true,
    supportsGoogleDocs: false,
    isTesClassroom: false,
  },
  user: {
    id: '',
    username: '',
    status: '',
    locale: 'en',
    imageUrlPrefix: 'http://www.wikispaces.com/i/user_none_',
    isTeacher: false,
    canAdministerWiki: false,
  },
  wiki: {
    id: '5050513',
    name: 'bettergedcom',
    text: 'BetterGedcom',
    module: 'B',
    isClassroom: false,
    isTesClassroom: false
    ,defaultSpaceId: 5050513
    ,isWwwWiki: false
  },
  project: {
    id: '5050513',
    name: ''
  },
  space: {
    id: '5050513',
    name: 'bettergedcom',
    isDefaultSpace: true,
    isDefaultTemplate: false
  },

  environment_name: 'prod',

  path: {
    object: 'page',
    method: 'view',
    page: 'OrganizersMeetingNotes 2011-12-13 (Dec 13)',
    id: ''
  },

  settings: {
    main_domain: 'wikispaces.com',
    session_url: 'https://session.wikispaces.com/1/',
    asset_url_prefix: 'http://www.wikispaces.com',
    beta_features: false,
    isMobileSite: false,
    isUploadCapable: true,
    can_discuss: false,
    has_gdocs: false,
    isDialog: false,
    pwin: ''
  },
  clockSkewMillis: 1453211533223 - ((window.performance && window.performance.timing.responseStart > 0) ? window.performance.timing.responseStart : (new Date()).getTime())
}


// legacy javascript API variables, use the above instead
var wikispaces_isUserLoggedIn = !!ws.context.user.id;
var wikispaces_isMain = ws.context.instance.isMain;
var wikispaces_username = ws.context.user.username;
var wikispaces_spaceName = ws.context.space.name;
var wikispaces_projectName = ws.context.project.name;
var wikispaces_wikiName = ws.context.wiki.name;
var wikispaces_wikiText = ws.context.wiki.text;
var wikispaces_isDefaultSpace = ws.context.space.isDefaultSpace;
var wikispaces_method = ws.context.path.method;
var wikispaces_object = ws.context.path.object;
var wikispaces_page = ws.context.path.page;
var wikispaces_id = ws.context.path.id;
var wikispaces_domain = ws.context.instance.url;
var wikispaces_isUserOrganizer = false;
var wikispaces_main_domain = ws.context.settings.asset_url_prefix;
var wikispaces_asset_url_prefix = ws.context.settings.asset_url_prefix;
var wikispaces_beta_features = ws.context.settings.beta_features;
var wikispaces_isMobileSite = ws.context.settings.isMobileSite;
var wikispaces_isUploadCapable = ws.context.settings.isUploadCapable;
var wikispaces_can_discuss = ws.context.settings.can_discuss;
var wikispaces_has_gdocs = ws.context.settings.has_gdocs;

</script>  <title>BetterGedcom - OrganizersMeetingNotes 2011-12-13 (Dec 13)</title>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="144x144" href="http://www.wikispaces.com/_/z6371z4x/i/logo-144.png" />
  <link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="114x114" href="http://www.wikispaces.com/_/j5j77xz3/i/logo-114.png" />
  <link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="72x72" href="http://www.wikispaces.com/_/vq8j5432/i/logo-72.png" />
  <link rel="apple-touch-icon" href="http://www.wikispaces.com/_/38515190/i/logo-57.png" />
  <link rel="shortcut icon" href="http://www.wikispaces.com/_/55v9k02z/i/logo-16.png" />
  <style type="text/css">
    #foot { margin-top: 5px; padding: 5px 0; font-family: arial,helvetica,sans-serif; font-size: 90%; line-height: 150%; clear: both; }
    h1.pageTitle { font-family: arial,helvetica,sans-serif; }
  </style>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="http://bettergedcom.wikispaces.com/stylesheet/view/241807025-217420326D.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="http://www.wikispaces.com/s/nogz/9q897620-internal-bootstrap.css" type="text/css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="http://www.wikispaces.com/s/nogz/vz033906-internal.css" type="text/css" />
<script src="http://www.wikispaces.com/s/nogz/j91xzz3x-top.min.js" type="text/javascript"></script>

<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];

  var wsGoogleAccount = 'UA-80504-1';
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', wsGoogleAccount]);
  _gaq.push(['_gat._anonymizeIp']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'wikispaces.com']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_setCustomVar', 2, 'Authenticated', 'Guest', 2]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
</script></head>
<body data-enhance="false">
<table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" border="0" width="100%">
<tr>
  <td valign="top">
    <div style="padding: 10px;">
<h1 class="pageTitle">OrganizersMeetingNotes 2011-12-13 (Dec 13)</h1>
<div class="contentBox"><div class="innerContentBox" id="WikiContent">

<script type="text/template" id="comment-footer-template">

<div class="commentFooter modal-footer">
  <div class="pull-left">
    <button type="button" class="btn btn-default btn-sm previous"><i class="fa fa-arrow-left"></i></button>
    <button type="button" class="btn btn-default btn-sm next"><i class="fa fa-arrow-right"></i></button>
  </div>
  <% if (ws.context.user.canAdministerWiki && !ws.comments.Manager.readOnly) { %>
  <div class="pull-right">
    <button type="button" class="btn btn-default btn-sm remove">Remove</button>
  </div>
  <% } %>
</div>

</script>

<script type="text/template" id="comment-content-template">
<div class="ws-box commentView">
  <div class="comment-close">
    <button type="button" class="closeme close" aria-hidden="true"><i class="fa fa-times"></i></button>
  </div>
  <div class="commentHeader">
    <p class="ws-stream-meta command-context">
      <a class="userLink userLinkPicture" href="<%= userCreated.url %>"><img class="userPicture" src="<%= userCreated.imageUrl %>" width="16" height="16"></a>
      <a href="<%= userCreated.url %>"><%= userCreated.username %></a>
      <% if (smartDate == '__live__') { %>
      <abbr class="timeago" title="<%= (new Date(parseInt(dateCreated, 10) * 1000)).toISOString() %>">
        <%= dateCreated %>
      </abbr>
      <% } else { %>
        <%- smartDate %>
      <% } %>
      <% if (ws.context.user.canAdministerWiki && ws.comments.Manager.readOnly) { %>
        <i class="fa fa-trash-o contextual-command delete ws-tip" title="Delete Comment"></i>
      <% } %>
    </p>
  </div>

  <div class="commentBody">
    <div class="commentContent">
      <%= description %>
    </div>

      <% for(i = 0; i < replyPages.length; i++) { %>
        <% for(var j = 0; j < replyPages[i].digests.length; j++) { %>
      <div class="commentReply" data-id="<%= replyPages[i].digests[j].id %>">
        <p class="ws-stream-meta command-context">
          <a class="userLink userLinkPicture" href="<%= replyPages[i].digests[j].userCreated.url %>"><img class="userPicture" src="<%= replyPages[i].digests[j].userCreated.imageUrl %>" width="16" height="16"></a>
          <a href="<%= replyPages[i].digests[j].userCreated.url %>"><%= replyPages[i].digests[j].userCreated.username %></a>
          <% if (smartDate == '__live__') { %>
          <abbr class="timeago" title="<%= (new Date(parseInt(replyPages[i].digests[j].dateCreated, 10) * 1000)).toISOString() %>">
            <%= new Date(parseInt(replyPages[i].digests[j].dateCreated, 10) * 1000).toLocaleString() %>
          </abbr>
          <% } else { %>
            <%- smartDate %>
          <% } %>
          <% if (ws.context.user.canAdministerWiki) { %>
          <i class="fa fa-trash-o contextual-command delete-reply ws-tip" title="Delete Reply"></i>
          <% } %>
          </p>
        <div class="commentContent"><%= replyPages[i].digests[j].body %></div>
      </div>
        <% } %>
      <% } %>

      <form class="reply commentReply">
        <div class="form-group">
          <textarea name="reply" placeholder="Reply" class="form-control" /></textarea>
        </div>
        <div class="btn-toolbar">
          <button type="submit" class="btn btn-primary btn-sm" name="go" value="1">Post</button>

          <% if (ws.context.user.id) { %>
            <% if (monitored) { %>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-default btn-sm pull-right toggle-monitor ws-tip active" title="You are monitoring replies."><i class="fa fa-eye"></i></button>
            <% } else { %>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-default btn-sm pull-right toggle-monitor ws-tip" title="You are not monitoring replies."><i class="fa fa-eye"></i></button>
            <% } %>
          <% } %>
          <% if (ws.context.user.canAdministerWiki) { %>
            <% if (locked) { %>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-default btn-sm pull-right toggle-lock ws-tip active" title="Replies are not allowed."><i class="fa fa-lock"></i></button>
            <% } else { %>
            <button type="button" class="btn btn-default btn-sm pull-right toggle-lock ws-tip" title="Replies are allowed."><i class="fa fa-lock"></i></button>
            <% } %>
          <% } %>

          <i class="fa fa-spinner fa-spin spinner pull-right hidden"></i>
        </div>
      </form>
   </div>

   
<div class="commentFooter modal-footer">
  <div class="pull-left">
    <button type="button" class="btn btn-default btn-sm previous"><i class="fa fa-arrow-left"></i></button>
    <button type="button" class="btn btn-default btn-sm next"><i class="fa fa-arrow-right"></i></button>
  </div>
  <% if (ws.context.user.canAdministerWiki && !ws.comments.Manager.readOnly) { %>
  <div class="pull-right">
    <button type="button" class="btn btn-default btn-sm remove">Remove</button>
  </div>
  <% } %>
</div>

</div>
</script>

<script type="text/template" id="comment-composer-template">
<div class="ws-box commentView">
  <div class="commentComposer">
    <div class="comment-close">
      &nbsp;<button type="button" class="close closeme" aria-hidden="true"><i class="fa fa-times"></i></button>
    </div>
    <div class="commentHeader">
      <p class="ws-stream-meta command-context">
        <img class="userPicture" src="<%= userCreated.imageUrl %>" width="16" height="16">
        <a href="#" onclick="return false;"><%= userCreated.username %></a>
      </p>
    </div>
    <div class="commentBody">
      <textarea name="comment" class="compose form-control" placeholder="Comment"/></textarea><br/>
      <div class="btn-toolbar">
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-default btn-sm monitored active pull-right" style="margin-left: 6px" onclick="jQuery(this).toggleClass('active')"><i class="fa fa-eye"></i></button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-default btn-sm locked btn-toggle pull-right" onclick="jQuery(this).toggleClass('active')"><i class="fa fa-lock"></i></button>
        <button type="button" class="btn btn-primary btn-sm closeme">Save</button>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>

  
<div class="commentFooter modal-footer">
  <div class="pull-left">
    <button type="button" class="btn btn-default btn-sm previous"><i class="fa fa-arrow-left"></i></button>
    <button type="button" class="btn btn-default btn-sm next"><i class="fa fa-arrow-right"></i></button>
  </div>
  <% if (ws.context.user.canAdministerWiki && !ws.comments.Manager.readOnly) { %>
  <div class="pull-right">
    <button type="button" class="btn btn-default btn-sm remove">Remove</button>
  </div>
  <% } %>
</div>

</div>
</script>

<script type="text/template" id="comment-proxy-template">
<div class="comment-proxy">
  <span class="commentUser">
  <% if (userCreated) { %>
    <img class="userPicture" src="<%= userCreated.imageUrl %>" width="16" height="16">
  <% } else { %>
    <img class="userPicture" src="<%= ws.context.user.imageUrlPrefix %>sm.jpg" width="16" height="16">
  <% } %>
  </span>
  <span class="commentReplies"><%= 1 + _(replyPages).reduce(function(memo, page){ return memo + page.digests.length; }, 0) %></span>
</div>
</script>







<div class="commentContainer">
  <div class="commentSubject">
  <div class="wiki wikiPage" id="content_view">
  <!-- ws:start:WikiTextHeadingRule:0:&lt;h1&gt; --><h1 id="toc0"><!-- ws:end:WikiTextHeadingRule:0 --> </h1>
 This is the unedited transcript of the 13 Dec 2010 Organizers' Meeting that took place in the BetterGEDCOM Chat Room. Be sure to see the <a class="wiki_link" href="/BetterGEDCOM+Calendar" target="_blank">BetterGEDCOM Calendar</a> for scheduled meetings.<br />
<br />
2010-12-13 16:01:03 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ===================================<br />
2010-12-13 16:01:14 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: WELCOME to the weekly Organizer's meeting at BetterGEDCOM.<br />
2010-12-13 16:01:21 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: our Agenda is as follows:<br />
2010-12-13 16:01:24 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: AGENDA ITEMS: 1. Wiki Update 2. Blog Update 3. Roles Update 4. Large Meeting Update 5. OpenGen Update 6. RootsTech 2011 Update 7. New Items<br />
2010-12-13 16:01:49 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Will there be anything to add under &quot;new items&quot;, so I can adjust the time?<br />
2010-12-13 16:01:50 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I've been in other volunteer organizations andd sooner or later they are all guilty of being so busy doing they forget to let people know what they are doing :)<br />
2010-12-13 16:02:29 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'm logging this meeting... do I have you permission to post the blog in our public BetterGEDCOM wiki?<br />
2010-12-13 16:02:34 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes<br />
2010-12-13 16:02:38 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: blog=log.<br />
2010-12-13 16:02:38 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes.<br />
2010-12-13 16:02:43 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: thank=yu.<br />
2010-12-13 16:02:56 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Let's note that Russ is away for his daughter's birthday celebration.<br />
2010-12-13 16:03:08 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Since we met last week, Greg has resigned from BetterGEDCOM.<br />
2010-12-13 16:03:17 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Andy has joined us this afternoon/evening.<br />
2010-12-13 16:03:18 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:03:18 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:03:25 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Ok, Item #1 - update on wiki.<br />
2010-12-13 16:03:40 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I have a few things to report... and then will open this topic to the floor.<br />
2010-12-13 16:04:01 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: . I've reconstructed several missing elements to the wiki, that disappeared over the weekend:<br />
2010-12-13 16:04:06 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Calendar<br />
2010-12-13 16:04:14 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: being the most important.<br />
2010-12-13 16:04:38 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I also modified the chat room interface, and modified the main page to show a link to the BetterGEDCOM blog.<br />
2010-12-13 16:04:53 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:04:54 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:05:07 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: What else on the Wiki?<br />
2010-12-13 16:05:09 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:05:09 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:05:27 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I did<br />
2010-12-13 16:05:40 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: better on the wiki today and this weekend than I have before<br />
2010-12-13 16:05:47 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ;)<br />
2010-12-13 16:05:53 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Subscribing to all the postings, changes, etc. has helped.<br />
2010-12-13 16:06:04 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I wonder if we should suggest this to those who join?<br />
2010-12-13 16:06:23 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: How about adding that to the main page, GeneJ?<br />
2010-12-13 16:06:27 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I will<br />
2010-12-13 16:06:32 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: thx<br />
2010-12-13 16:06:34 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: About the counter ...<br />
2010-12-13 16:06:39 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: we are sure that is lost, right/<br />
2010-12-13 16:06:42 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I find getting the postings by e-mail is much easier to keep track of things than following teh actual Wiki.<br />
2010-12-13 16:06:42 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: right?<br />
2010-12-13 16:07:03 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Greg merely must share the UN &amp; PW, but he has specifically declined to do so.<br />
2010-12-13 16:07:09 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: (Yes Andy, I had been trying to keep track of them by site organization)<br />
2010-12-13 16:07:29 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: He indicated he had deleted the account.<br />
2010-12-13 16:07:32 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I also received the postings via email.<br />
2010-12-13 16:07:50 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: So that even UN and PW would not restore the history<br />
2010-12-13 16:08:02 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Well, that's unfortunate. We can obtain a different SiteMeter account. We just lost our history, darn in.<br />
2010-12-13 16:08:04 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok.<br />
2010-12-13 16:08:09 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok- New counter time then :)<br />
2010-12-13 16:08:15 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes.<br />
2010-12-13 16:08:31 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Either Russ or I will get Site Meter, and remove this generic one that is locked. We cannot read stats at all.<br />
2010-12-13 16:08:49 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I accept the assignment as Russ is traveling.<br />
2010-12-13 16:08:49 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ,<br />
2010-12-13 16:08:50 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ,<br />
2010-12-13 16:09:06 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'd also like to mention that I posted the notice about Tamura's blog award.<br />
2010-12-13 16:09:15 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Humm...<br />
2010-12-13 16:09:20 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: but Ihave yet to do the one from the Tampa Tribune article.<br />
2010-12-13 16:09:24 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: maybe we should LEAVE the one that is there...<br />
2010-12-13 16:09:31 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: it at least has the total on it<br />
2010-12-13 16:09:56 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: One can easily modify Site Meter to show a different than ZERO beginning total.<br />
2010-12-13 16:09:57 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and ADD a new one?<br />
2010-12-13 16:10:04 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: kk<br />
2010-12-13 16:10:11 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: bear nods<br />
2010-12-13 16:10:31 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok, anything more to add about the WIKI itself?<br />
2010-12-13 16:10:44 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:10:45 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:10:56 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: If not then we'll move to 2. UPDATE ON BLOG<br />
2010-12-13 16:10:57 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:10:57 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:11:03 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: GeneJ would you take the mic on that one?<br />
2010-12-13 16:11:07 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Sure.<br />
2010-12-13 16:11:25 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Russ continues to post GEDCOM information to the blog<br />
2010-12-13 16:11:43 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: We've covered Gramps portable, FTM, FTM (Mac), TMG and ...<br />
2010-12-13 16:11:48 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I think GENBOX.<br />
2010-12-13 16:12:09 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: He has started to investigate error codes and person differences.<br />
2010-12-13 16:12:10 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: grrr! Gramps portable-YECH!<br />
2010-12-13 16:12:34 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Both Russ and I have entered blogs about how and when we enter information.<br />
2010-12-13 16:13:01 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Myrt has asked that I upload TMG screen shots and include links to a fabulous TMG website, Terry's Tips<br />
2010-12-13 16:13:17 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: The screen shots have been made, but I haven't posted them yet.<br />
2010-12-13 16:13:23 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Terry' Tips is a reall GREAT site.<br />
2010-12-13 16:13:31 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes.<br />
2010-12-13 16:13:36 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Reigel is very helpful.<br />
2010-12-13 16:13:41 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes.<br />
2010-12-13 16:14:06 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: His site and Lee's site will be referenced when we get into sources a little more, too.<br />
2010-12-13 16:14:17 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I have continued to blog about &quot;evidence&quot;<br />
2010-12-13 16:14:35 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: useing other than common birth indexes.<br />
2010-12-13 16:14:41 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Hoping to move the dialog from the<br />
2010-12-13 16:15:09 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: common ... was gramma born 8 april or 18 april to those research / reasoning and evidence matters that involve<br />
2010-12-13 16:15:24 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: a variety of evidence (indirect, negative), etc.<br />
2010-12-13 16:15:31 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:15:31 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:15:43 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: OK -- I see that Russ has started using a modified test database for his work. (Removing private info on his mother.) There was a comment today from an anonymous user wondering about the database.<br />
2010-12-13 16:15:44 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and to show how a &quot;body&quot; of evidence is often involved in reasoned arguments.<br />
2010-12-13 16:15:48 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ooops sorry.<br />
2010-12-13 16:16:06 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Russ is useing the TEST database from FTM.<br />
2010-12-13 16:16:10 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: QUESTION ...<br />
2010-12-13 16:16:11 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: oic<br />
2010-12-13 16:16:15 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: yes?<br />
2010-12-13 16:16:26 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ANdy ... do you know if we coul use the SAMPLE project in TMG in the same way?<br />
2010-12-13 16:16:36 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Would we have a copyright issue? Licensing issue?<br />
2010-12-13 16:17:02 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Hmmm.. I don't know- you could always ask Bob- it is his family :)<br />
2010-12-13 16:17:10 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Good point.<br />
2010-12-13 16:17:32 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: But if someone wants to re-do your tests, he have to use the same database, which comes with every TMG sold.<br />
2010-12-13 16:17:33 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I hate to ask him anything ... with the hoped v8 coming out so soon.<br />
2010-12-13 16:17:53 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I think Genbox has a sample project too<br />
2010-12-13 16:18:00 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I can for sure ask Bill Flight.<br />
2010-12-13 16:18:08 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Gene- yeah- I know what you mean- don't want ANY delays on that!<br />
2010-12-13 16:18:15 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: :)<br />
2010-12-13 16:18:28 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:18:28 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:18:32 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'll inquire of Bill Flight.<br />
2010-12-13 16:18:37 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: thanks, Gene J.<br />
2010-12-13 16:18:40 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:18:41 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:18:45 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: It is VERY helpful if we don't have to rebuild the wheel.<br />
2010-12-13 16:18:56 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: any more UPDATES from the BLOG?<br />
2010-12-13 16:19:08 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: HOWeEr, the sourcs in the FTM text database are Not going to &quot;show&quot; the problems we have<br />
2010-12-13 16:19:14 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: kk<br />
2010-12-13 16:19:25 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ...bear blog comment ... the end<br />
2010-12-13 16:19:32 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Andy?<br />
2010-12-13 16:19:51 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: If you need a test dayabase use Royal92. ged- probably the most popular single gedcom in the world!<br />
2010-12-13 16:20:19 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: GeneJ can you share that with Russ?<br />
2010-12-13 16:20:26 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Well sourced?<br />
2010-12-13 16:20:36 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Oh, yes.<br />
2010-12-13 16:20:40 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: He'll love this.<br />
2010-12-13 16:20:57 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Can't think of anything for blog updatres- remember - I haven't even see it yet :)<br />
2010-12-13 16:21:01 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: One problem with using another database is that it is hard to recognize when data is missing -- if it wasn't stuff you initially typed in yourself.<br />
2010-12-13 16:21:02 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: May I add one comment?<br />
2010-12-13 16:21:06 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ya!<br />
2010-12-13 16:21:13 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: When we TEST stuff..<br />
2010-12-13 16:21:32 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: we want to have a VARIETY of family circumstance and an array of evidence types.<br />
2010-12-13 16:21:55 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Long story, but there aare some permenant problems or persistant<br />
2010-12-13 16:22:13 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: missing things in our existing software because this stpe wasn't taken years ago.<br />
2010-12-13 16:22:15 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: the end<br />
2010-12-13 16:22:25 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Good argument for using a modified or shortened version of your own database. Thank-you GeneJ.<br />
2010-12-13 16:22:29 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:22:30 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:22:33 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: 3. Roles Update<br />
2010-12-13 16:22:35 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:22:36 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:22:52 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: This is a sticky wicket... wondering how we can encourage another &quot;techie&quot; type to assist<br />
2010-12-13 16:22:58 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: in the absence of Greg...<br />
2010-12-13 16:23:19 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: someone who is prepared to help bridge the gap between us end-users and the developers/coders.<br />
2010-12-13 16:23:24 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Adrian sure was helpful today<br />
2010-12-13 16:23:29 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: yes.<br />
2010-12-13 16:23:50 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Perhaps one will emerge. A lot has happened since our last meeting.<br />
2010-12-13 16:23:59 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: We cannot just draft someone.<br />
2010-12-13 16:24:02 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Louis, also<br />
2010-12-13 16:24:44 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: any one of the wiki participants might be willing... it takes someone willing to listen to all parties, not just push his/her own existing product.<br />
2010-12-13 16:24:59 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Let's remember, we have lurkers, too<br />
2010-12-13 16:25:18 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes, some sure wrote to me in the last 24 hours or so...<br />
2010-12-13 16:25:32 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Shall we table the ROLES agenda item until next week?<br />
2010-12-13 16:25:36 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yeah- I noticed- what- 87 or so and maybe 15 posting?<br />
2010-12-13 16:25:41 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: see what happens when the dust settles?<br />
2010-12-13 16:26:09 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: there are also lurkers who haven't registered with the blog.<br />
2010-12-13 16:26:11 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ...Except to ask if Andy has suggestions for us<br />
2010-12-13 16:26:11 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes- I'd table til next meeting.<br />
2010-12-13 16:26:20 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok -- tabled.<br />
2010-12-13 16:26:26 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Andy, thanks for being here today.<br />
2010-12-13 16:26:27 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:26:28 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:26:34 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: yes!!<br />
2010-12-13 16:26:40 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: My pleasure- really!<br />
2010-12-13 16:26:57 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'd like to discuss the Large Meeting Update<br />
2010-12-13 16:27:03 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Great<br />
2010-12-13 16:27:18 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and consider that it doesn't look to me like OpenGen is willing to allow BetterGEDCOM to host our own meetings over there.<br />
2010-12-13 16:27:41 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: but perhaps this enhanced chat room will work for a while, until we reach capacity. I think it is 25.<br />
2010-12-13 16:27:47 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: might be higher.<br />
2010-12-13 16:27:51 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: this is about 2 hours old.<br />
2010-12-13 16:28:07 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: but if rightnow we've only got about 15 active participants of the wiki....<br />
2010-12-13 16:28:13 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: then we're probably going to be OK.<br />
2010-12-13 16:28:27 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Myrt- since Gene and I are TMG users I see no reason it couldn't be done in the TMG chat Room if needed.<br />
2010-12-13 16:28:35 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Voice would be nice, but text allows us to log<br />
2010-12-13 16:28:38 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: how many can be there at once?<br />
2010-12-13 16:28:47 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: we need to log our discussions.<br />
2010-12-13 16:28:51 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: GREAT thought, Andy<br />
2010-12-13 16:28:59 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: since we're dealing with a wider audience ultimately.<br />
2010-12-13 16:29:15 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Let's work with this interface until we outgrow it.<br />
2010-12-13 16:29:18 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: what do you think?<br />
2010-12-13 16:29:28 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: kk<br />
2010-12-13 16:29:38 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: It shoudl get people in the habit of coming here.<br />
2010-12-13 16:29:40 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'm not sure but I know it used to be over 25- when 7.04 was released Bob first online chat after that had more than that I know.<br />
2010-12-13 16:29:47 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I've also posted the calendar as a link at the top of the CHAT page.<br />
2010-12-13 16:29:58 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: kk<br />
2010-12-13 16:30:24 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'll read more about this chat interface. It is used by Afrigeneas.org, with much success. However they may have a much more enhanced version.<br />
2010-12-13 16:30:37 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Comment about agenda for LGM<br />
2010-12-13 16:30:46 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I had to buy two levels up from the freebie version to get the LOGGING capability.<br />
2010-12-13 16:30:53 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Until we hit 25 this will work. and actually I prefer type over voice- leads to less confusion about who said what.<br />
2010-12-13 16:30:53 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: it's PErFeCt to set the agenda in the wiki<br />
2010-12-13 16:31:18 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Where we set up a few topics, and let members add questions, etc.<br />
2010-12-13 16:31:33 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Perhaps we could draw a larger audience, too<br />
2010-12-13 16:31:38 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: hope so.<br />
2010-12-13 16:32:08 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Do we want to ask participants to add a topic?<br />
2010-12-13 16:32:10 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: How about I modify this chat room page to link to a page with our agendas -- past (with log) and<br />
2010-12-13 16:32:20 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: specifically one they wanna talk about.<br />
2010-12-13 16:32:22 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'll have to think about that a bit.<br />
2010-12-13 16:32:28 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Ohhhh that would be great.<br />
2010-12-13 16:32:33 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: don't want to overstructure the meetings.... just have them.<br />
2010-12-13 16:33:03 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I do have an agenda item for the first meeting -- to AGREE ON HOW TO AGREE for a &quot;consensus of opinion&quot; when developing the new standard.<br />
2010-12-13 16:33:18 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Have first half structures and 2nd half open floor ;)<br />
2010-12-13 16:33:19 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I cannot speak or vote, as I don't know how to do the coding... end--useritus.<br />
2010-12-13 16:33:27 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: that's roughly it....<br />
2010-12-13 16:33:28 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: :}<br />
2010-12-13 16:33:56 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Don't we also need to start the XML or not dialog, also?<br />
2010-12-13 16:34:09 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: We've been holding off on scheduling the Large Group Meeting...<br />
2010-12-13 16:34:25 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: but shall we now schedule these weekly?<br />
2010-12-13 16:34:36 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I think that might work more effectively.<br />
2010-12-13 16:34:39 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I say yes<br />
2010-12-13 16:34:49 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I wonder what Russ thinks on this.<br />
2010-12-13 16:35:01 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I hate to say this but... if BG has any hope to be adopted by others I think XL is about the only choice.<br />
2010-12-13 16:35:08 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Andy as one of the blog participants, what is your take?<br />
2010-12-13 16:35:11 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: He did the original survey on places and timezones<br />
2010-12-13 16:35:18 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: when we were going to hold it last week<br />
2010-12-13 16:35:48 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: shall we hold the meeings weekly?<br />
2010-12-13 16:35:53 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Isay yes<br />
2010-12-13 16:36:01 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Andy?<br />
2010-12-13 16:36:06 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and from the first meeting ..<br />
2010-12-13 16:36:19 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Big weekly meetings might be a drag for some people- for me personally- they would be Heaven!<br />
2010-12-13 16:36:26 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: IN the first meeting, that is one thing we can use for &quot;deciding&quot;<br />
2010-12-13 16:36:38 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: well, with the agenda PREPOSTED folks will know which one to attend.<br />
2010-12-13 16:36:57 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Wonder if we should<br />
2010-12-13 16:37:02 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: consider having them<br />
2010-12-13 16:37:07 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: alternate for timezones<br />
2010-12-13 16:37:08 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Myrt- true, if they saw no items they were interested in that would help.<br />
2010-12-13 16:37:13 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: like one week ... normal ..<br />
2010-12-13 16:37:20 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: then one week ... extra early or late<br />
2010-12-13 16:37:39 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok-question...<br />
2010-12-13 16:37:40 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: normal meaing US time zone?<br />
2010-12-13 16:37:46 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: yes<br />
2010-12-13 16:37:53 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: GLAD you guys weren't on headsets -- I just had a huge sneeze!<br />
2010-12-13 16:38:00 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: lol<br />
2010-12-13 16:38:02 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: (uncontrolable)<br />
2010-12-13 16:38:13 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Do the meetings have to be during the week?<br />
2010-12-13 16:38:14 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: It's the dust settling<br />
2010-12-13 16:38:24 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: LOL.<br />
2010-12-13 16:38:31 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: How about one on weekend, and one during week?<br />
2010-12-13 16:38:39 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: :)<br />
2010-12-13 16:38:39 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: every other week have one or the other?<br />
2010-12-13 16:38:43 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: zzi like that<br />
2010-12-13 16:38:49 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: do you think that would help our BetterGEDCOMers?<br />
2010-12-13 16:38:59 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I know Bob does two meeting on the same day for different time zones.<br />
2010-12-13 16:39:06 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes, he does<br />
2010-12-13 16:39:18 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Gosh -- I don't need ANY more meetings.... LOL.<br />
2010-12-13 16:39:38 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: It wouldhelp if the log from the first meeting was posted PRIOR to the second meeting.<br />
2010-12-13 16:39:57 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Question ..<br />
2010-12-13 16:39:59 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ?<br />
2010-12-13 16:40:04 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: WHERE are we going to post logs?<br />
2010-12-13 16:40:10 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: no problem -- on the wiki.<br />
2010-12-13 16:40:11 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: (including this log)<br />
2010-12-13 16:40:12 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Myrt- in communications school- that is a given.<br />
2010-12-13 16:40:14 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: will create a space.<br />
2010-12-13 16:40:24 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: tyty<br />
2010-12-13 16:40:28 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: no problemo.<br />
2010-12-13 16:40:52 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and post a link at the top of this page to the main &quot;Meeting Logs&quot; pae.<br />
2010-12-13 16:40:54 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: page.<br />
2010-12-13 16:40:59 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ..<br />
2010-12-13 16:41:00 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: KK<br />
2010-12-13 16:41:06 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: How about moving to the next blog topic?<br />
2010-12-13 16:41:16 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Meeting topic... sorry<br />
2010-12-13 16:41:20 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: OpenGen....<br />
2010-12-13 16:41:22 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Whatever you wish :)<br />
2010-12-13 16:41:36 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: You two attended the meeting... I kept getting bounced out.<br />
2010-12-13 16:42:11 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: My initial take is that only 8 people attended... 2 from OpenGen, 1 from FamilySearch, Greg, Andy, GeneJ, (me partially) and another person Paul.<br />
2010-12-13 16:42:18 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:42:18 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:42:27 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Andy let's hand you the mic<br />
2010-12-13 16:42:33 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: what was your take on the meeting?<br />
2010-12-13 16:42:37 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yep I think that was it.<br />
2010-12-13 16:43:12 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Scott stated he was going to write the code...<br />
2010-12-13 16:43:16 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: as I recall.<br />
2010-12-13 16:43:33 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I guess it is up to him to get people to join with him.<br />
2010-12-13 16:43:51 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: GeneJ?<br />
2010-12-13 16:43:52 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok- My take is that their immediate goals are about the same as BG - but I'm not sure of their long term goals.<br />
2010-12-13 16:44:22 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I wrote down the first two priorities were<br />
2010-12-13 16:44:38 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: lossless transfer and archival (same as ours)<br />
2010-12-13 16:44:40 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: There was a time or two where he used the word &quot;my&quot; and then backtracked to &quot;our&quot;, so I'm not sure what that says either.<br />
2010-12-13 16:44:55 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: kk<br />
2010-12-13 16:45:05 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: He also explained that AppleTree is funding OpenGen.<br />
2010-12-13 16:45:15 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: or did I hear that wrong?<br />
2010-12-13 16:45:47 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I wrote that down<br />
2010-12-13 16:45:57 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I think it wouldn't hurt to take with them. I think both could learn from the other. Like Granny said- They can visit but they can't stay overnight!: ;)<br />
2010-12-13 16:45:57 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: kk<br />
2010-12-13 16:46:09 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: LOL<br />
2010-12-13 16:46:14 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: cute -- I think we'd love your Granny!<br />
2010-12-13 16:46:38 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I made a couple other specific notes<br />
2010-12-13 16:46:46 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Scott will make decisions<br />
2010-12-13 16:47:03 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: they will work first to define the objects and then, afterwards, to<br />
2010-12-13 16:47:09 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: design the &quot;model&quot;<br />
2010-12-13 16:47:11 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes- AppleTree is funding OpenGen - as Scott said &quot;Because sombody had to&quot;.<br />
2010-12-13 16:47:46 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I should mention that when their meeting notice went out, a number of &quot;lurkers&quot; of BG wrote to me personally, thinking I had partnered with OpenGen. I have no authority to partner with them. I was willing to talk with them... and have invited them to post at BetterGEDCOM so folks can get to know him.<br />
2010-12-13 16:48:22 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Gordon (FamilySearch) added that<br />
2010-12-13 16:48:43 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: they are interested in making RECORD level<br />
2010-12-13 16:48:53 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Didn'r Scott say a recording of the webinar would be posted tommorrow?<br />
2010-12-13 16:49:03 [Disconnect] DearMYRTLE<br />
2010-12-13 16:49:21 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: connections (to people) ... (as opposed to trees first)<br />
2010-12-13 16:49:24 [Login] DearMYRTLE<br />
2010-12-13 16:49:24 [IP] DearMYRTLE: 66.133.97.196<br />
2010-12-13 16:49:25 [Join Room] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting<br />
2010-12-13 16:49:36 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: sorry -- must have hit the wrong button on my keyboard.<br />
2010-12-13 16:49:36 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Err... won't it be available behind the closed door?<br />
2010-12-13 16:50:05 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: All of Scott's resources require a PW, but he said he was willing to give one to anyone who asked.<br />
2010-12-13 16:50:18 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Hmm.. I thought it was going to be on their website- not bootcamp.<br />
2010-12-13 16:50:24 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: They have two work spaces ... www.gliffy.com and www.openalliance.basecamphg.com<br />
2010-12-13 16:50:28 [Disconnect] DearMYRTLE<br />
2010-12-13 16:50:36 [IP] DearMYRTLE: 66.133.97.196<br />
2010-12-13 16:50:36 [Login] DearMYRTLE<br />
2010-12-13 16:50:37 [Join Room] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Chat Lobby<br />
2010-12-13 16:50:39 [Join Room] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting<br />
2010-12-13 16:50:39 [Exit Room] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Chat Lobby<br />
2010-12-13 16:50:49 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Not doing well on copy/paste I guess.<br />
2010-12-13 16:51:04 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: LOL! Myrt is doing her nails and keeps hitting the keyboard! :)<br />
2010-12-13 16:51:07 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I think those are my notes...<br />
2010-12-13 16:51:24 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: LOL.<br />
2010-12-13 16:51:30 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Ooo<br />
2010-12-13 16:51:38 [Disconnect] DearMYRTLE<br />
2010-12-13 16:51:42 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Scott did say that he will continue to monitor the<br />
2010-12-13 16:51:47 [Join Room] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting<br />
2010-12-13 16:51:47 [IP] DearMYRTLE: 66.133.97.196<br />
2010-12-13 16:51:47 [Login] DearMYRTLE<br />
2010-12-13 16:51:50 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: BetterGEDCOM wiki; he will<br />
2010-12-13 16:51:50 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: sEE!<br />
2010-12-13 16:52:09 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: add to the wiki as he believes he has items to contribute to the dialog.<br />
2010-12-13 16:52:49 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I think it is ver important not to ignore the talent over at BetterGEDCOM.<br />
2010-12-13 16:53:14 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:53:14 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:53:20 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: We've got about 7 more minutes....<br />
2010-12-13 16:53:27 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: shall we move to the &quot;RootsTech 2011 Update&quot; ?<br />
2010-12-13 16:53:38 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes.<br />
2010-12-13 16:53:51 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Truw- too much good talent there - just how to let them makes the best use of themselves for BG.<br />
2010-12-13 16:54:22 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: It would appear to me from Gordon Clarke's comments at the OpenGen meeting that the RootsTech people have moved away from a &quot;BetterGEDCOM&quot; open discussion to a &quot;Genealogy Technology&quot; open discussion.<br />
2010-12-13 16:54:30 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: probably trying to take a middle road there.<br />
2010-12-13 16:54:50 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: OpenGen is planning to have a booth there.<br />
2010-12-13 16:55:02 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I don't feel compelled to pay for a BetterGEDCOM booth.<br />
2010-12-13 16:55:16 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I don't own this project... I just created the workspace.<br />
2010-12-13 16:55:31 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I think that work can be accomplished here without a booth.<br />
2010-12-13 16:55:43 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Not unless we are a lot farther along than I think we will be- a useless expense at that point.<br />
2010-12-13 16:56:16 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Even so, having a booth doesn't preclude adoption of a new GEDCOM format<br />
2010-12-13 16:56:19 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Our wiki and blog are open.<br />
2010-12-13 16:56:26 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: right.<br />
2010-12-13 16:56:29 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: so we have a 24-7<br />
2010-12-13 16:56:31 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: booth<br />
2010-12-13 16:56:37 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: we shall see what develops at our Large Group Meetings.<br />
2010-12-13 16:56:43 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Good idea<br />
2010-12-13 16:56:56 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'm ready to report on progress in my DearMYRTLE blog when the group thinks appropriate.<br />
2010-12-13 16:57:09 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: wonder why that text appeared in RED?<br />
2010-12-13 16:57:10 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I do hope some of the lurkers will de-lurk for those meetings.<br />
2010-12-13 16:57:12 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I didn't do that.<br />
2010-12-13 16:57:16 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: me twoo!<br />
2010-12-13 16:57:20 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: too.<br />
2010-12-13 16:57:23 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: LOL<br />
2010-12-13 16:57:30 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: TWOO should about cover it!<br />
2010-12-13 16:57:31 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: LOL<br />
2010-12-13 16:57:53 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Any new items to discuss?<br />
2010-12-13 16:58:02 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:58:02 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2010-12-13 16:58:20 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: What red?<br />
2010-12-13 16:58:49 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Sorry- couldn't resist :)<br />
2010-12-13 16:59:04 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Didn't do it....<br />
2010-12-13 16:59:06 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: No new items from me.<br />
2010-12-13 16:59:28 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: change back to normal... and then type your screen name in this field, it will do the same thing.<br />
2010-12-13 16:59:35 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: (I'll bet!)<br />
2010-12-13 16:59:42 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I didn't change font color.<br />
2010-12-13 16:59:45 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: GeneJ<br />
2010-12-13 16:59:50 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I did .<br />
2010-12-13 17:00:14 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Just to repeat the TY to Tamara for the blog award. That was real nice.<br />
2010-12-13 17:00:25 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: well, we're really stretching for content if we're trying the new chat screen out...... LOL.<br />
2010-12-13 17:00:35 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I believe his names is spelled TamUra.<br />
2010-12-13 17:00:58 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: OK, we'll hold our next meeting same time next week.<br />
2010-12-13 17:01:10 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'll go fetch the log, create a page for it and then go from there.<br />
2010-12-13 17:01:16 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: kk<br />
2010-12-13 17:01:16 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok- see you then ;)<br />
2010-12-13 17:01:20 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Shall we adjourn?<br />
2010-12-13 17:01:30 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ===================================4<br />
2010-12-13 17:01:33 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: End of meeting<br />
2010-12-13 17:01:37 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: =====================================<br />
2010-12-13 17:01:38 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I bet you are right ... forgive me Tamura.<br />
2010-12-13 17:01:39 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: As thte commercial says... Nytol!<br />
2010-12-13 17:01:42 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: bad paws<br />
2010-12-13 17:01:54 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ni ni<br />
2010-12-13 17:01:55 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: thanks gang! Appreciate your ideas and comments.
  </div>


  </div>
  <div class="commentColumn WikispacesStream"><div class="WikispacesContent WikispacesBs3"><div class="commentList"></div></div></div>
</div>

  




<script type="text/template" id="js-event-template">
  <small>
    <%- startDateShortFormat %>
    <a href="<%- ws.common.pathFor('event', 'view', id) %>" class="WikispacesDialogLink">
      <%- ws.common.truncate(title, 15) %>
    </a>
  </small>
</script>

<script type="text/template" id="js-reply-template">
  <div class="tc-timeline-comment media">

    <a class="pull-left userLink" href="<%- userCreated.url %>">
      <img src="<%- userCreated.imageUrl %>" width="30" height="30" class="author-avatar" alt="" />
    </a>
    <div class="media-body" data-id="<%= id %>">
      <% if (ws.context.user.canAdministerWiki) { %>
        <i class="tc-delete-comment fa fa-trash-o contextual-command destroy-message ws-tip" title="Delete reply"></i>
      <% } %>
      <div class="tc-box-name-date">
        <span class="tc-commenter"><a href="<%- userCreated.url %>"><%- userCreated.username %></a></span>
        <% if (smartDate == '__live__') { %>
        <abbr style="border-bottom-style: none;" class="timeago tc-comment-date" title="<%- (new Date(parseInt(dateCreated) * 1000)).toISOString() %>">
          <%- (new Date(parseInt(dateCreated) * 1000)).toDateString() %>
        </abbr>
        <% } else { %>
          <abbr style="border-bottom-style: none;" class="tc-comment-date"><%- smartDate %></abbr>
        <% } %>
      </div>
      <% if (body) { %>
      <p>
        <%= body %>
      </p>
      <% } %>
    </div>
  </div>
</script>

<script type="text/template" id="js-share-template">
  <div class="tc-timeline-block tc-<%= ws.stream.typeToBlockType(sharedType) %>-block" <%= (ws.stream.hideTimeline ? 'style="padding-left: 0px;"' : '') %>>

    <% if (!ws.stream.hideTimeline) { %>
      <div class="tc-timeline-icon">
        <i class="fa fa-<%= ws.stream.typeToIcon(sharedType) %>"></i>
      </div>
      <div class="tc-timeline-triangle-man"></div>
    <% } %>

    <div class="tc-timeline-box" data-id="<%= id %>">
      <div class="media">
        <a class="pull-left userLink" href="<%- userCreated.url %>">
          <img src="<%- userCreated.imageUrl %>" width="48" height="48" class="author-avatar media-object" alt="" />
        </a>

        <div class="media-body">

          <div class="tc-stream-dropdown">
            <a class="dropdown-toggle" data-toggle="dropdown" href="#">
              <i class="fa fa-chevron-down"></i>
            </a>
            <ul class="dropdown-menu dropdown-menu-right" role="menu">
              <% if (ws.context.user.id) { %>
              <li>
                <a class="js-toggle-monitor" tabindex="-1" href="#">
                  <i class="fa-fw fa fa-eye"></i>
                  <span><%= monitored ? 'Start Monitoring' : 'Stop Monitoring' %></span>
                </a>
              </li>
              <% } %>

              <% if (ws.context.user.canAdministerWiki) { %>
              <li>
                <a class="js-toggle-lock" tabindex="-1" href="#">
                  <i class="fa-fw fa fa-lock"></i>
                  <span><%= locked ? 'Unlock Replies' : 'Lock Replies' %></span>
                </a>
              </li>
              <% if (sharedType == 'discussion' || sharedType == 'comment' || sharedType == 'event') { %>
              <li>
                <a class="js-destroy-share" tabindex="-1" href="#">
                  <i class="fa-fw fa fa-trash-o"></i>
                  Delete <%= ws.stream.typeToName(sharedType) %>
                </a>
              </li>
              <% } %>
              <% } %>
            </ul>
          </div>

          <div class="tc-timeline-box-header ws-reveal media-heading">
              <h3 class="tc-box-title">
              <% if (typeof adminLink !== 'undefined' && adminLink && ws.context.user.canAdministerWiki) { %>
                <a href="<%- adminLink %>"><%- title %></a>
              <% } else { %>
                <%- title %>
              <% } %>
              <% if (typeof startDate !== 'undefined' && startDate) { %> - <%= startDateShortFormat %> <%= ws.stream.getYearFromStartDate(startDate) %><% } %>
              </h3>
              <div class="tc-box-name-date">
                <% if (ws.context.instance.isTesClassroom) { %>
                  <%- userCreated.username %>
                <% } else { %>
                  <a class="author-name" href="<%- userCreated.url %>"><%- userCreated.username %></a>
                <% } %>
                <% if (typeof recipients !== 'undefined' && recipients) { %>
                  <i class="fa fa-angle-right"></i>
                  <% if (typeof recipientsLink !== 'undefined') { %>
                    <a href="<%- recipientsLink %>"><%- recipients %></a>
                  <% } else { %>
                    <span class="recipients"><%- recipients %></span>
                  <% } %>
                <% } %>
                <% if (smartDate == '__live__') { %>
                  <abbr style="border-bottom-style: none;" class="timeago tc-block-date" title="<%= (new Date(parseInt(dateCreated) * 1000)).toISOString() %>">
                    <%= (new Date(parseInt(dateCreated) * 1000)).toDateString() %>
                  </abbr>
                <% } else { %>
                  <abbr style="border-bottom-style: none;" class="tc-block-date"><%- smartDate %></abbr>
                <% } %>
              </div>
          </div>

          <div class="<%= sharedType == 'comment' && !orphaned && !ws.stream.noCollapse ? 'hidden ' : '' %>tc-block-content">
            <div class="clearfix">
              <% if (typeof rangeActions !== 'undefined') { %>
                <div class="tc-range-actions">
                  <% for(var i = 0; i < rangeActions.length; i++) { %>
                  <%= ws.stream.rangeActionTemplate(rangeActions[i]) %>
                  <% } %>
                </div>
              <% } %>
              <% if (description) { %>
                <p><%= description %></p>
              <% } %>
            </div>
          </div>

          <% if (replyPages.length > 0 && !(replyPages.length === 1 && replyPages[0].digests.length === 0)) { %>
            <div class="tc-timeline-comments">
            <% for (var i = 0; i < replyPages.length; i++) { %>
              <% if (i == 0 && replyPages[i].more) { %>
                <a href="#" class="tc-show-more" onclick="ws.stream.pageReplies(<%= id %>, <%= replyPages[i].page + 1 %>); return false">Show more replies (<%= replyPages[i].more %> hidden) </a>
              <% } else { %>
                <div></div>
              <% } %>
              <% for (var j = 0; j < replyPages[i].digests.length; j++) { %>
                <%= ws.stream.replyTemplate(replyPages[i].digests[j]) %>
              <% } %>
            <% } %>
            </div>
          <% } %>

          <% if ((ws.stream.userCanPostMessage && !locked) || ws.context.user.canAdministerWiki) { %>
          <div class="tc-add-comment media <%= ws.stream.noCollapse ? 'add-active' : ''%>">
            <img src="<%- ws.context.user.imageUrlPrefix %>lg.jpg" width="30" height="30" class="pull-left author-avatar" alt="" />
            <div class="media-body">
              <textarea name="reply" placeholder="Comment" class="form-control form-control-tc ws-reveal <%= !ws.stream.noCollapse ? 'ws-unrevealed' : ''%> reply" /></textarea>
              <button type="button" class="btn-tc btn-info-tc btn-sm-tc add-reply">Post</button>
            </div>
          </div>
          <% } %>
        </div>

      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</script>

<script type="text/template" id="js-range-action-template">
  <div>
    <strong><%- name %></strong>
    <% if (typeof(diffUrl) !== 'undefined') { %>
      <a href="<%- diffUrl %>">
    <% } %>
    <%= new Date(dateCreated * 1000).toLocaleString() %>
    <% if (typeof(diffUrl) !== 'undefined') { %>
      </a>
    <% } %>
    <% if (typeof(rangeText) !== 'undefined') { %>
      <div>
        <span class="commentExtent">
        <% if (typeof(diffUrl) !== 'undefined') { %>
          <a href="<%- diffUrl %>">
        <% } %>
        <%= rangeText %>
        <% if (typeof(diffUrl) !== 'undefined') { %>
          </a>
        <% } %>
        </span>
      </div>
    <% } %>
  </div>
</script>

<script type="text/template" id="js-stream-end-template">
  <div class="tc-timeline-block tc-end-block">
    <div class="tc-timeline-icon" style="margin-top: -10px;" />
    <div class="tc-timeline-box" style="visibility: hidden;">
      <p class="tc-box-title"></p>
    </div>
  </div>
</script>

<a name="discussion"></a>
<div class="timeline WikispacesBs3 tc-timeline-embedded show-border">
  <div class="timeline-line"></div>
    <div id="js-share-list">
    <div class="spinner hidden"><i class="fa fa-spinner fa-spin"></i></div>
  </div>
</div></div></div><div id="sentinel" style="clear:both"></div>
    </div>
  </td>
</tr>
</table>

<div id="foot">
<div class="WikiLicense WikiElement">Contributions to http://bettergedcom.wikispaces.com/ are licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://www.creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0">Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike 3.0 License</a>. <a rel="license" href="http://www.creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0"><img src="http://www.wikispaces.com/i/creativecommons/by-sa_3.0_80x15.png" width="85" height="15" alt="Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike 3.0 License"/></a><br />Portions not contributed by visitors are Copyright 2016 Tangient LLC<br /><a href="https://www.tes.com/us/?utm_source=wikispaces&utm_medium=link&utm_campaign=US-52-footer">TES: The largest network of teachers in the world</a></div></div>


<script type="text/template" id="dialog-template">
<div class="modal fade" role="dialog" aria-hidden="true">
  <div class="modal-dialog">
    <div class="modal-content">
      <div class="modal-header">
        <button type="button" class="close" data-dismiss="modal" aria-hidden="true"><i class="fa fa-times"></i></button>
        <h4 class="modal-title"><%= header %></h4>
      </div>
      <div class="modal-body">
        <%= body %>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
</script>


<div id="js-help-template" class="hidden">
  <div class="ws-help">
    <div class="js-help-controls WikispacesContent WikispacesBs3">
      <a href="http://www.wikispaces.com/site/gettingstarted/off" class="btn btn-default hidden js-getting-started-off pull-right">Turn off "Getting Started"</a>
      <ol class="breadcrumb">
        <li class="js-special-breadcrumb active">
          <a href="http://helpcenter.wikispaces.com/" data-breadcrumb="0">Home</a>
        </li>
        <li class="js-ellipsis hidden js-special-breadcrumb">
          ...
        </li>
        <li class="js-spinner hidden js-special-breadcrumb"><i class="fa fa-spinner fa-spin"></i></li>
      </ol>
    </div>
    <div class="ws-help-content wiki">Loading...</div>
  </div>
</div>
</div>
<script src="http://www.wikispaces.com/s/nogz/9vz070xj-common.min.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script src="http://www.wikispaces.com/s/nogz/85k7018k-stream.min.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script src="http://www.wikispaces.com/s/nogz/91k8z207-contentbar.min.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script src="http://www.wikispaces.com/s/nogz/395j1vq7-component.stream-vo.min.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
<!--
ws.namespace('ws.attributes');
ws.namespace('ws.stream');
ws.attributes.DISCUSSION_COUNT = 1;
ws.attributes.pageId = 53250903;
ws.attributes.version = 187899839;
ws.attributes.showEditor = false;
ws.attributes.editUrl = "http:\/\/bettergedcom.wikispaces.com\/page\/edit\/OrganizersMeetingNotes+2011-12-13+%28Dec+13%29?goto=http%3A%2F%2Fbettergedcom.wikispaces.com%2FOrganizersMeetingNotes%2B2011-12-13%2B%2528Dec%2B13%2529";
ws.attributes.userCanEdit = false;
ws.stream.userCanPostMessage = false;
ws.stream.hideTimeline = true;
ws.stream.shareSource = "http:\/\/bettergedcom.wikispaces.com\/page\/shares\/OrganizersMeetingNotes+2011-12-13+%28Dec+13%29";

  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();

jQuery(document).ready(function() {
  ws.common.addJsonNotices({"warning":[],"error":[],"info":[],"success":[]});
});

jQuery(document).ready(function() {
  ws.editor.canEdit = false;
  var editUrl = 'http://bettergedcom.wikispaces.com/page/edit/OrganizersMeetingNotes+2011-12-13+%28Dec+13%29?goto=http%3A%2F%2Fbettergedcom.wikispaces.com%2FOrganizersMeetingNotes%2B2011-12-13%2B%2528Dec%2B13%2529';

  jQuery('#js-edit-from-template').change(function() {
    window.location = ws.common.addUriParams(editUrl, [['template', jQuery(this).val()]]);
  });
});



--></script><!-- w2 86 tot:86:86(1) mem:2:19(19) wki:1:1(1) -->

</body>
</html>