<html>
<head>
<title>BetterGedcom - DevelopersMeetingNotes 2011-11-07 (Nov 07)</title>
<link href="static/style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="text/html;charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="wiki" id="content_view" style="display: block;">
<strong><span calibri","sans-serif";"="" style="font-family: ">BetterGEDCOM Developers Meeting</span></strong><br/>
<strong><span calibri","sans-serif";"="" style="font-family: ">7 Nov 2011</span></strong><br/>
<br/>
<strong><span calibri","sans-serif";"="" style="font-family: "> ATTENDING:</span></strong><br/>
Geir Thorud, GeneJ Composer, Robert Burkhead, Tamura Jones, Wesley Johnston, Andy Hatchett, Pat Richley. Absent by notice: Dovy<br/>
<br/>
<strong><span calibri","sans-serif";"="" style="font-family: ">MINUTES OF LAST MEETING:</span></strong><br/>
<a class="wiki_link" href="2011%2010%2031%20Developers%20Meeting%20Notes.html">Monday 31 Oct 2011 Meeting Notes</a><br/>
<br/>
<strong><span calibri","sans-serif";"="" style="font-family: ">ITEM: Update about Membership Survey</span></strong><br/>
DISCUSSION:<br/>
<a class="wiki_link" href="Membership%20Survey-2011-Results%20to%20Date.html">Membership+Survey-2011-Results+to+Date</a><br/>
ACTION: Report accepted<br/>
<br/>
<strong><span calibri","sans-serif";"="" style="font-family: ">ITEM: Update about Indexing of Wiki Pages</span></strong><br/>
DISCUSSION: Re-indexing is done. Date order – newly named pages have redirects to the original.<br/>
ACTION:<br/>
<br/>
<strong>ITEM: Combining Louis and Tom’s programs, or give end-user the option.</strong><br/>
DISCUSSION: What is the common ground between these two programs?<br/>
Tom – automatic combination of individuals. Need a 1-page document to flesh out a possible merging of Tom and Louis's views. What are the agreements in the beginning including a description of the goal.<br/>
ACTION: ? to contact Tom and Louis<br/>
<br/>
<strong><span calibri","sans-serif";"="" style="font-family: ">ITEM: International Sources &amp; Citations</span></strong><br/>
Waiting for SourceTemplates: See former discussions on the wiki:<br/>
<a class="wiki_link_ext" href="message/view/Sub-Project+SourceTemplates/43916580" rel="nofollow">message/view/Sub-Project+SourceTemplates/43916580</a><br/>
For the nitty-gritty details:<br/>
<a class="wiki_link" href="An+architecture+for+sources%2C+reference+notes+and+bibliographies">An+architecture+for+sources%2C+reference+notes+and+bibliographies</a><br/>
DISCUSSION:<br/>
ACTION: Next week with Andy.<br/>
<br/>
<strong>ITEM: BetterGEDCOM at RootsTech2012</strong><br/>
DISCUSSION: Meet night before RT at Myrt’s condo in downtown SLC, and regroup via text message each morning, to assure we attend all “GEDCOMy” sessions. Attendees so far: Robert Burkhead, Christine, Myrt.<br/>
ACTION: Continue to discuss this each week.<br/>
<br/>
<strong><span calibri","sans-serif";"="" style="font-family: ">ITEM:</span></strong><strong><span calibri","sans-serif";"="" style="font-family: ">Update about "Developing the Organization" </span></strong><br/>
<strong><span calibri","sans-serif";"="" style="font-family: "> Committee Members: Roger, Andy, Geir, GeneJ and Robert.</span></strong><br/>
Send wiki email to Andy or GeneJ if you wish to join.<br/>
DISCUSSION: Are we going to work on standards organization that all vendors will join? What is the role of BetterGEDCOM? Top-down approach. Report from the group:<br/>
<ul><li>Google Group for ad-hoc committee</li><li>Related items on Google Docs</li><li>Asked for initial comments from ad-hoc committee members</li><li>Developed prelim org chart</li></ul>ACTION: Continue discussion next meeting.
    </div>
<hr/><h1>Comments</h1><div class="comment"><div class="from"><strong>WesleyJohnston</strong> 2011-11-08T07:08:44-08:00</div>
<div class="title">Thanks</div>
<div class="text">After attending my first meeting, I just want to thank those of you who attend these meetings.<br/>
<br/>
The organization is not the glamorous part of what BetterGEDCOM is about. But it is essential if there is to be a broadly accepted authority for establshing a better standard for genealogical computing and for sharing and merging records and the information that we have deduced from them.<br/>
<br/>
These are not thrilling meetings. They are dealing with difficult issues that are mundane or boring for most people. But that does not mean that they are not important. So thanks for what you are doing.</div><div class="comment"><div class="from"><strong>GeneJ</strong> 2011-11-08T10:38:11-08:00</div>
<div class="text">...Your comments are appreciated, Wesley. Thank you.--GJ</div></div></div></body>
</html>
