<html>
  <head>
    <title>BetterGedcom - DevelopersMeetingNotes 2011-01-03 (Jan 03)</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="static/style.css" type="text/css" />
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html;charset=utf-8" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="wiki" id="content_view" style="display: block;">
<h1 id="toc0"> </h1>
 <strong>A BetterGEDCOM Developers Meeting was held Monday, January 3 at 10:00 AM Pacific Standard Time.</strong><br />
<strong>16 members participated, as this was the limit of our GoToMeeting.com room. (Arrangements are in the works for larger meeting rooms for future meetings.)</strong><br />
<br />
<strong>Final agenda for this Developers Meeting</strong><br />
<span style="outline-style: none; outline-width: medium;"><a class="wiki_link_ext" href="http://www.wikispaces.com/user/view/DearMYRTLE" rel="nofollow">DearMYRTLE</a></span><a name="32188926"></a>OK, everyone, I've gathered your comments and here we go with the official agenda for our meeting:<br />
<br />
1. Agreement on how to vote. <span style="color: #ff0000;">See GeneJ's notes below.</span><br />
2. Agreement on basic aims of this &quot;project‚Äù. <span style="color: #ff0000;">See GeneJ's notes below.</span><br />
3. Agreement on methodology. <span style="color: #ff0000;"> Did not get to this.</span><br />
4. Agreement on national vs. international. <span style="color: #ff0000;"> Did not get to this.</span><br />
5. Agreement on initial time line.<span style="color: #ff0000;"> Did not get to this.</span><br />
6. Agreement on meeting frequency. <span style="color: #ff0000;">Agreed to every other monday meetings.</span><br />
<br />
<strong>Notes from 3 Jan 2011 Meeting:</strong><br />
GENEJ will do her best to record notes from the discussion here. Feel free to make corrections. <br />
[opening]<br />
Pat: AdrianB/Louis Kessler ... Adrian's quote, &quot;We need some cat chow to urge the cats to come together.&quot;<br />
Another party commented that sources, for example, could be very complex; also national vs international<br />
Logistical issues are how do we agree, etc.<br />
Tamura: Agenda item #3, should read &quot;Method&quot; (rather than Methodology)<br />
<br />
1st Agenda Item:<br />
How do we vote. <br />
<br />
Screen: Voting possibilities: (a) Yes, (b) Yes I can live with it, (c) No I disagree <br />
Much input on the topic of &quot;who&quot; should vote.<br />
<br />
Adrian adds: Any member of the Wiki should be able to vote. Developers outside the Wiki should be able to review but not vote. That's the usual way of the world.<br />
Tamura adds: Anyone who is present to vote is participating...<br />
Item to be voted upon is put on the BetterGEDCOM wiki on a Monday. On the following Wednesday, the vote on that item is opened, remains open through that Friday, at which time the vote closes. Minimum 50% of eligible parties must vote for votes to be considered valid. If 75% of the valid votes are in favor (yes) or can live with it (yes, I can live with it), consensus will be deemed met; the issue is passed. We will try to design so those who vote are provided a short comment field. <br />
Meeting consensus met with regard to the above topic.<br />
<br />
Balance of meeting followed with consensus discussions about items 1-5 on the Goals. Please see that <a class="wiki_link" href="GOALS.html">BetterGEDCOM GOALS PAGE</a> and related discussion pages.<br />
Meeting consensus reached to continue meetings every other week. <br />
[end]
    </div>
  </body>
</html>