<html>
  <head>
    <title>BetterGedcom - DevelopersMeetingNotes 2011-11-21 (Nov 21)</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="static/style.css" type="text/css" />
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html;charset=utf-8" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="wiki" id="content_view" style="display: block;">
<h4 id="toc0"><a name="x---Home &gt; Meetings &gt; Developers Meeting &gt; 2011-11-21 (Nov 21)"></a><a class="wiki_link" href="Home.html">Home</a> &gt; <a class="wiki_link" href="Meetings.html">Meetings</a> &gt; <a class="wiki_link" href="Developers%20Meeting.html">Developers Meeting</a> &gt; 2011-11-21 (Nov 21)</h4>
 <br />
<h3 id="toc1"><a name="x--Attendance"></a>Attendance</h3>
 Andy Hatchett, Geir Thorud, Roger Moffatt, Tamura Jones, Dovy Paukstys, GeneJ Composer<br />
<br />
<h3 id="toc2"><a name="x--Announcements"></a>Announcements</h3>
 TMG Users hopeful v8 will be released as early as this week.<br />
<br />
<h3 id="toc3"><a name="x--Agenda/Discussions"></a>Agenda/Discussions</h3>
 <strong>ITEM 1: Update about Membership Survey</strong><br />
(not discussed)<br />
<br />
<strong>ITEM 2:</strong> <strong>Update about Indexing of Wiki Pages</strong><br />
(not discussed)<br />
<br />
<strong>ITEM 3: Status update-SourceTemplates</strong> (added item)<br />
Dovy P.<br />
Have completed initial work with Legacy materials. Working now to map other EE programs. Will have read and write materials ready shortly to &quot;expose.&quot; They are continuing to hold meetings with vendor firms.<br />
Discussion: Legacy approach and technology vs other firms; status/staging of international; EE (2007). Some general discussion about international participation.<br />
<br />
<strong>ITEM 4: Update-International Sources and Citations</strong><br />
Geir T.<br />
Geir overviewed his developing work to support international and other approaches to documentation and citations. Technical difficulties prevented Geir (perhaps others) from viewing the displayed screens, but some/most were able to view one of his earlier (October) drafts while Geir gave a verbal overview.<br />
Geir plans to post the material to the BetterGEDCOM wiki (will be a couple of days). AncestorSync, among others, will discuss the material more specifically at that time.<br />
<br />
<strong>ITEM 5: Overview of new FamilySearch (nFS) linked source development</strong> (added item)<br />
This brief presentation could be viewed by some as screenshots and some as a live demo. The nFS prototype allows users to link sources to individuals. These are not linked at the assertion level, so they are not &quot;citations&quot; as a footnote or GEDCOM might intend that term. The user accessible entry forms are reasonably basic (title, web address, citation, description and justification). In concept, the justification field is not unlike &quot;I think this is the same person because.&quot;<br />
Discussion continued about how some of the fields might ultimately be developed.<br />
<br />
<strong>ITEM 6: Update about &quot;Developing the Organization&quot; (DTO)</strong><br />
Background information provided for Dovy. DTO Meetings will continue on Wednesday; work progresses in the GoogleGroup. The committee is currently working on Clarke 4. General discussion about international vendors and vendor participation.<br />
<br />
Submitted by GeneJ Composer. Additions or corrections may be entered by clicking on the Edit tab (upper right) or by adding a discussion to this page.
    </div>
  </body>
</html>