<html>
  <head>
    <title>BetterGedcom - DevelopersMeetingNotes 2011-12-12 (Dec 12)</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="static/style.css" type="text/css" />
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html;charset=utf-8" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="wiki" id="content_view" style="display: block;">
<a class="wiki_link" href="HOME.html">HOME</a> &gt; <a class="wiki_link" href="MEETINGS.html">MEETINGS</a> &gt; <a class="wiki_link" href="Developers%20Meeting.html">DEVELOPERS MEETINGS</a> &gt; 12 Dec 2011<br />
<br />
<strong>BetterGEDCOM Developers Meeting</strong><br />
<strong>12 Dec 2011</strong><br />
<br />
<h2 id="toc0"><a name="x-ATTENDING"></a>ATTENDING</h2>
 <hr />
Andy Hatchett, Geir Thorud, GeneJ, Louis Kessler, Neil Parker, Robert Burkhead, Roger Moffat, Tamura Jones, Tom Wetmore, Tony Proctor.<br />
<br />
<h2 id="toc1"><a name="x-ANNOUNCEMENTS"></a>ANNOUNCEMENTS</h2>
 <hr />
1. GEDCOM X - Tamura will be releasing a link to the GEDCOM X work on his blog. Folks are welcome to comment on the related Google+ posting he will make.<br />
2. Louis submitted Behold to the RootsTech 2012 developers challenge.<br />
<br />
<h1 id="toc2"><a name="AGENDA"></a>AGENDA</h1>
 <hr />
<strong><span style="font-size: 17px; line-height: 25px;">ITEM 1 Invitations</span></strong><br />
(added topic)<br />
Suggested we invite the GEDCOM X developers to our meeting at such time as they are able to discuss their project. (First week after RootsTech?)<br />
<br />
<h2 id="toc3"><a name="AGENDA-ITEM 2 Wiki Nav Bar/Main Section clean-up"></a><strong>ITEM 2 Wiki Nav Bar/Main Section clean-up</strong></h2>
 (status topic)<br />
(a) Overviewed Geir’s work on the <a class="wiki_link" href="Sources%20and%20Citations.html">new “front” page for BetterGEDCOMs work on Sources and Citations</a>.<br />
(b) We need the same “makeover” performed on all other pages linked from the nav bar.<br />
(c) Update on Member/Vendor pages by Andy and GeneJ. Discussed what we will move and develop. We plan to create pages for all those who have been active on the wiki. If members have posted some biographical information on the wiki, we will move the information to the new person page.<br />
(d) Discussion about overall web face for the project/use of domains, etc.<br />
<br />
<h2 id="toc4"><a name="AGENDA-ITEM 3 URN discussion – Tony Proctor"></a><strong>ITEM 3 URN discussion – Tony Proctor</strong></h2>
 <strong>(featured topic)</strong><br />
Link to some of the discussions: Tony's most recent postings <a class="wiki_link_ext" href="message/view/A+Data+Model+for+Sources+and+Citations/47134014?o=60#48023984" rel="nofollow">here</a> and <a class="wiki_link_ext" href="message/view/A+Data+Model+for+Sources+and+Citations/47134014?o=60#48053210" rel="nofollow">here</a>.<br />
(Please add links that would be helpful ....)<br />
<br />
<h2 id="toc5"><a name="AGENDA-ITEM 4 A Data Model for Sources and Citations"></a><strong>ITEM 4 A Data Model for Sources and Citations</strong></h2>
 (status topic)<br />
a. Discussions on the wiki have continued. Different positions have been presented.<br />
b. Wiki Way forward. Effort should be made to summarize where we are wrt to the different solutions. The summaries should include description of whether a full or partial solution is intended (what is being solved).<br />
c. It may be separately helpful to summarize the URN/URI concept. UUID summary might also be needed, but we should have a chance to read the the URN/URI summary first.<br />
<br />
Misc notes:<br />
Scope of work; Scope of transfer process; Very small set of examples to use.<br />
UK Census.<br />
<br />
<h2 id="toc6"><a name="AGENDA-ITEM 5 P.R. and Brand"></a><strong>ITEM 5 P.R. and Brand</strong></h2>
 (added topic)<br />
Perspectives from a new member about visibility and our message. Some chicken and egg discussion. Comments about progress towards a model.<br />
Endorsements/vendor endorsements.<br />
Some discussion about difference between the OpenGen and BetterGEDCOM effort.<br />
Need to speak, and speak with a unified voice.<br />
<br />
<h2 id="toc7"><a name="AGENDA-Item 6. DTO Update"></a>Item 6. DTO Update</h2>
 (Status topic)<br />
Progress continues. Hope to have a draft of bylaws posted later today.<br />
<br />
<h1 id="toc8"><a name="Open Session/Items for next agenda"></a>Open Session/Items for next agenda</h1>
 <hr />
a. Who controls the domain, BetterGEDCOM.org. (Roger/Andy) Will require follow up.<br />
b. RootsTech should be added to the next agenda (Robert)<br />
c. Draft standard for personal names, may be ready for discussion next week. (Neil Parker)<br />
d. Status on Source and Citations. Summaries may not be ready, but in progress. (Geir/Tom)<br />
e. P.R. (Tony)<br />
f. Status report on DTO<br />
<br />
<br />
<hr />
<hr />
Meeting ended about 12:30 Pacific (US)<br />
Filed by GeneJ. Corrections or additions welcome. Click &quot;Edit&quot; in the upper right hand corner or add a discussion topic.<br />
<br />
<em><strong>Next Meeting, 19 Dec 2011, 10 a.m. Pacific (US)</strong></em>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>