<html>
<head>
<title>BetterGedcom - DevelopersMeetingNotes 2011-09-26 (Sep 26)</title>
<link href="static/style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="text/html;charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="wiki" id="content_view" style="display: block;">
<strong><span style="font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; font-size: 13.3333px;">BetterGEDCOM</span></strong><br/>
<h2 id="toc0"><a name="x-Developers Meeting"></a><strong><span style="font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; font-size: 13.3333px;"> Developers Meeting</span></strong></h2>
<strong><span style="font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; font-size: 13.3333px;"> 26 Sept 2011</span></strong><br/>
<span style="font-size: 13.3333px;"><strong><span style="font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">ATTENDING</span></strong></span><br/>
<span style="font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; font-size: 13.3333px;">Dovy, Geir, GeneJ, Tamura, Andy, Myrt</span><br/>
<span style="font-size: 13.3333px;"> <strong><span style="font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">ITEM: Regarding forming a non-profit</span></strong><strong><span style="font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';"> – (Gordon Clarke) </span></strong><span style="font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';">tabled for further review, since BG received numerous files and Gordon’s posting within the hour of this Developers Meeting. Gordon is not at our meeting, so we don’t feel we can discuss it without him. </span></span><br/>
<span style="font-size: 13.3333px;"> </span><br/>
<strong><span style="font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; font-size: 13.3333px;">ITEM: Discussion about implementation of interaction with SourceTemplates.org.</span></strong><span style="font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif'; font-size: 13.3333px;"> Concern about governance, whether to have a few simple templates or deal with multiples. Myrt will work with Dovy for 2 hours this week to come up with something concrete about implementation. Geir and others will work with the structure of governance. Resolve details, post questions or problems addressing them with john at ohanasoftware.com and dovy at rtcollab.com</span><br/>
<br/>
<strong><span style="font-size: 13.3333px;">ITEM: Adrian’s concern about minutes being posted</span></strong><span style="font-size: 13.3333px;"> – we do our best. </span><br/>
<br/>
<strong><span style="font-size: 13.3333px;">ITEM: Do we go back to recording the meetings?</span></strong><span style="font-size: 13.3333px;"> No Action Taken. </span><br/>
<br/>
<strong><span style="font-size: 13.3333px;">ITEM: Majority of BG members are inactive.</span></strong><span style="font-size: 13.3333px;"> Discussion of a must have a posting on discussion board at _ frequency or be dropped from BG membership. Should there be membership levels? This also skews our voting. No action taken.</span><br/>
<br/>
<strong><span style="font-size: 13.3333px;">ITEM: Where to put our product while development?</span></strong><span style="font-size: 13.3333px;"> Wiki format doesn’t work as anyone can add/delete. No action taken, though Pat ro work with Dovy this week.</span><br/>
<ul><li><span style="font-size: 13.3333px;">Read/comment level</span></li><li><span style="font-size: 13.3333px;">Contributor level</span></li><li><span style="font-size: 13.3333px;">Moderator/editor level</span></li><li><span style="font-size: 13.3333px;">Administrator team level</span></li></ul><span style="font-size: 13.3333px;">How are final decisions made?</span>
</div>
<hr/><h1>Comments</h1><div class="comment"><div class="from"><strong>GeneJ</strong> 2011-10-03T11:13:52-07:00</div>
<div class="title">Follow up-agenda item 2</div>
<div class="text">The second item in the 26 Sept 2011 Developers Meeting minutes include "Geir and others will work with the structure of governance. Resolve details, post questions or problems addressing them with john at ohanasoftware.com and dovy at rtcollab.com."<br/>
<br/>
Background: it has been a month since a presentation was made to BetterGEDCOM about SourceTemplates.org. Since most of our members were not provided the link to the materials about SourceTemplates.org, there has been almost no discussion about it on the wiki. Ala, most members simply have not had the information to respond with "questions or problems."<br/>
<br/>
I'm posting here the comments I sent early to Dovy, John and Myrt.   <br/>
<br/>
1. At some fundamental level, BetterGEDCOM holds/held promise as a much<br/>
needed "peer review" forum for the development of genealogical technology<br/>
standards. Folks decided early on to begin with a mostly-on-the-wiki<br/>
forum--thought to be inclusive, independent, and something technologists<br/>
were comfortable using. The group will no doubt integrate<br/>
additional/supporting formats over time to further facilitate<br/>
collaboration and peer review.<br/>
<br/>
Please see also:<br/>
"Peer review," Wikipedia.<br/>
"Open peer review," Wikipedia<br/>
"Independent review," Wikipedia<br/>
"Peer review failure," Wikipedia<br/>
<br/>
An important concept of peer review is "justification."  From the first of<br/>
the Wikipedia articles above--"It is difficult for authors and<br/>
researchers, whether individually or in a team, to spot every mistake or<br/>
flaw in a complicated piece of work. This is not necessarily a reflection<br/>
on those concerned, but because with a new and perhaps eclectic subject,<br/>
an opportunity for improvement may be more obvious to someone with special<br/>
expertise or who simply looks at it with a fresh eye. Therefore, showing<br/>
work to others increases the probability that weaknesses will be<br/>
identified and improved."<br/>
<br/>
In terms of BetterGEDCOM, the wiki is the workspace where we are "showing<br/>
work to others."<br/>
<br/>
2. Exchanges in BetterGEDCOM Developers Meetings are not a substitute for<br/>
the wiki workspace--"peer review"--effort.<br/>
<br/>
3. I'd like to see presentations about SourceTemplates.org made on the<br/>
wiki.<br/>
<br/>
(a) The following is the official posting to the Wiki about<br/>
SourceTemplates.org<br/>
29 August 2011 Meeting notes<br/>
<!-- ws:start:WikiTextUrlRule:86:http://bettergedcom.wikispaces.com/DevelopersMeetingNotes29Aug2011 --><a href="http://bettergedcom.wikispaces.com/DevelopersMeetingNotes29Aug2011">http://bettergedcom.wikispaces.com/DevelopersMeetingNotes29Aug2011</a><!-- ws:end:WikiTextUrlRule:86 --><br/>
<br/>
"ITEM: Request from Earl Mott of AncestorSync - changed from request to<br/>
collaborate with AncestorSync, a commercial product to collaborate with<br/>
SourceTemplates.org an open standards initiative. Approved the following<br/>
text:<br/>
<br/>
BetterGEDCOM is an independent group of end users and software developers<br/>
working toward the next generation of open standards for communicating<br/>
genealogy information electronically. BetterGEDCOM believes that open<br/>
standards are the way forward. We welcome SourceTemplates.org to the<br/>
effort to develop a widely supported international model for source<br/>
citations.<br/>
<br/>
The official posting does not communicate user requirements/functionality,<br/>
the plan, etc., and the materials on AncestorSync's site are not a<br/>
substitute. It's probably not possible to fairly reverse engineer the<br/>
www.sourcetemplates.org presentation because functionality is vested in<br/>
"roles" of monitors and boards--vs. objective principles. I won't<br/>
speculate about how the under-defined term "popular programs" might be<br/>
received by BetterGEDCOM's independent developer community.<br/>
<br/>
(b) If one searches the wiki for the term "sourcetemplates.org" (without<br/>
the quotes), there are no returns. If one searches the wiki using<br/>
"SourceTemplates.org" there are only 5 returns, 3 of which are in the<br/>
Developers Meeting part of the wiki (where very few actually discussions<br/>
emerge).  You are welcome to search the BetterGEDCOM wiki itself to review<br/>
this input. There are a very few other postings that mention the<br/>
initiative, but not many. (In particular, Geir's posting this weekend<br/>
mentioned the initiative, but it does not yet return via the search<br/>
function.)<br/>
<br/>
4. As part of presentation to the wiki, folks might believe<br/>
additional/supplemental tools/supporting formats would also help advance<br/>
the initiative. I'd hope those suggestions would be part of the wiki<br/>
presentation.<br/>
<br/>
Thank you for your time. I depend on making a living outside the world of<br/>
genealogy--please accept my apology if comments here are not<br/>
self-explanatory or found unduly to the point.  --GJ<br/>
<br/>
*Not every member of the BetterGEDCOM community practices genealogy in the<br/>
same way. Ala--we shouldn't assume every member has the same interest in<br/>
developing an "inclusive" set of user requirements in every part of the<br/>
model.</div><div class="comment"><div class="from"><strong>GeneJ</strong> 2011-10-03T11:40:09-07:00</div>
<div class="text">Oops. Copy paste dropped two paragraphs at the end of the first entry:<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
User Requirements. At least heretofore, BetterGEDCOM's effort to develop<br/>
"user requirements"/functionality has depended on open/interactive<br/>
exchange. Undo time and risk is involved when but a few  are held<br/>
responsible for private work to reverse engineer proposals--necessary<br/>
before review can be made. (The process includes mitigating substantial<br/>
bias underlying some comments and proposals.*) When the workspace is not<br/>
shared (posted to the wiki), each member starts from scratch and the<br/>
collaborative results are known only to a perceived powerful few. Though<br/>
staged discussions might be conducted in working groups, material<br/>
proposals need to find their way to the wiki. Those who understand a<br/>
proposal best should make the presentation and answer questions/support<br/>
work of the open, independent peer review process. (It is unlikely a good<br/>
process will unfold without the participation of those who drafted the<br/>
proposal.)<br/>
<br/>
Project Plan. I'm not privy to details, but the frustrations (opening<br/>
comments) seem problems with the project plan. Until the proposal's user<br/>
requirements/functionality has been developed on the wiki, it's hard for<br/>
me to envision a collaborative project plan. I'm empathetic, but without a<br/>
plan, it's hard to fully understand "disappointment" in the progress of<br/>
the plan.</div></div></div></body>
</html>
