<html>
  <head>
    <title>BetterGedcom - OrganizersMeetingNotes 2011-03-121(Mar 21)</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="static/style.css" type="text/css" />
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html;charset=utf-8" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="wiki" id="content_view" style="display: block;">
<h1 id="toc0"> </h1>
 <strong>BetterGEDCOM</strong><br />
<strong>Organizers Meeting Transcript</strong><br />
<strong>21 March 2011</strong><br />
<br />
DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Welcome to the bettergedcom organizers meeting. <br />
DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Andy -- I didn't get to your gmail yet<br />
DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: but I DID do some work on the HOME PAGE<br />
DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: If you all would like to open that in a NEW WINDOW<br />
TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: keeps wondering who let him in.<br />
DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I feel like there is still too much there (don't scroll down as it lists the OLD stuff)<br />
DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: No problem-get to it when you can... or they can wait for access until you get back *GRIN!*<br />
DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and GeneJ I'd like to discuss the concepts of EE and GPS Support with regards to an INDEX PAGE<br />
DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: as the page you've got<br />
DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and the links to the DISCUSSIONS for each of the sub topics...<br />
DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I think THAT sort of organization compares with what we're hoping our &quot;main&quot; pages will accomplish.<br />
DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: you can see that I added EE &amp; GPS support to the nav bar on the wiki?<br />
GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes. <br />
GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: tyt<br />
GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: tyty<br />
DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Let's look at your page --- and see if it will become too big for an index page with links to specific discussion topics subordinate to that apge?<br />
DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok, I've opened :<br />
DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: <a href="BG+data+support-Evidence+Explained+and+GPS">BG+data+support-Evidence+Explained+and+GPS</a><br />
GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Each numbered item can easily be moved to its own page.<br />
2011-03-21 16:06:54 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: as long as they are INDEXED on this main page:<br />
2011-03-21 16:06:55 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: <a href="BG+data+support-Evidence+Explained+and+GPS">BG+data+support-Evidence+Explained+and+GPS</a><br />
2011-03-21 16:06:56 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: which would work better anyway<br />
2011-03-21 16:07:01 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes.<br />
2011-03-21 16:07:10 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: so that we don't have a zillion &quot;main pages&quot; linked on our nav bar?<br />
2011-03-21 16:07:12 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: How's that?<br />
2011-03-21 16:07:17 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes.<br />
2011-03-21 16:07:32 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: then the discussion tabs will be more about ONE item, not multiple topics.<br />
2011-03-21 16:07:34 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: good<br />
2011-03-21 16:07:38 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: very good thinking<br />
2011-03-21 16:07:50 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: (not that I am really in a position to judge!)<br />
2011-03-21 16:07:54 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: but it makes great sense.<br />
2011-03-21 16:07:57 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: The main EE page would then consist of the introduction and the main parts. ala, I II III<br />
2011-03-21 16:07:59 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Any other ideas?<br />
2011-03-21 16:08:05 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: sure ---<br />
2011-03-21 16:08:10 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: andy?<br />
2011-03-21 16:08:21 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Tamura?<br />
2011-03-21 16:08:28 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I feel like we're really making progress.<br />
2011-03-21 16:08:55 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Sounds good to me :)<br />
2011-03-21 16:08:57 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'd like to see someone in charge of templates... and GeneJ are you seeing this as an outgrowth of your work?<br />
2011-03-21 16:09:15 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: because so much of what's new has to do with sources?<br />
2011-03-21 16:09:35 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'm kind of hoping our lurker will jump in<br />
2011-03-21 16:09:46 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and we can divide up the work<br />
2011-03-21 16:09:57 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: well, it is interesting how we have moderators for various areas now... I think this is marvelous progress.<br />
2011-03-21 16:10:12 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and a willingness on the part of those moderators to BE moderators not dictators.<br />
2011-03-21 16:10:25 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: that is a real test of character -- and our team passes .<br />
2011-03-21 16:10:26 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ;)<br />
2011-03-21 16:10:26 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'm going to change the &quot;user&quot; section<br />
2011-03-21 16:10:33 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok, I trust you on this<br />
2011-03-21 16:10:37 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: no over-direction<br />
2011-03-21 16:10:41 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: to be &quot;Practial Challenges&quot; <br />
2011-03-21 16:10:47 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I like that thought.<br />
2011-03-21 16:10:53 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: into which we can feed real examples<br />
2011-03-21 16:11:03 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: A source ... and consider different ways<br />
2011-03-21 16:11:08 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Now Geir asked that as moderators things could develop from the discussions<br />
2011-03-21 16:11:09 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: folks might cite the source<br />
2011-03-21 16:11:31 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: torward a standard... without every little thing being voted on by the entire group... just major things coming to the forefront.<br />
2011-03-21 16:12:02 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and if we use our Developers Meetings to vet the biggies, or to resolve challenges/conflicts in the discussions, then we're effectively deviding up responsibility.<br />
2011-03-21 16:12:09 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes.<br />
2011-03-21 16:12:18 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: however, that does not preclude anyone participating in discussions elsewhere on the wiki.<br />
2011-03-21 16:12:45 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: well, I hope you feel the support and freedom to develop the EE &amp; GPS support area.<br />
2011-03-21 16:12:50 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: tyty<br />
2011-03-21 16:13:04 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I was pleased Geir asked for that as a major discussion during htis morning's meetings.<br />
2011-03-21 16:13:05 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Thank you again for allotting time to the topic in the meeting.<br />
2011-03-21 16:13:16 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: it went well. Sorry Russ missed it.<br />
2011-03-21 16:13:20 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok<br />
2011-03-21 16:13:31 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Any feedback, Tamura? Andy?<br />
2011-03-21 16:14:10 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: This is one of those rare instances, where our Tamura is silent.<br />
2011-03-21 16:14:11 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'm glad to see sources finally rising to a major level :)<br />
2011-03-21 16:14:40 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: It took you and Russ standing up for it, GeneJ -- and your work on the wiki has been very important here.<br />
2011-03-21 16:14:43 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: And to be so welcomed!!<br />
2011-03-21 16:14:49 [Action] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I am silent a lot, you just happen to listen when I am not :-)<br />
2011-03-21 16:15:02 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: LOL!<br />
2011-03-21 16:15:05 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: LOL<br />
2011-03-21 16:15:24 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ROTFLOL<br />
2011-03-21 16:15:28 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok<br />
2011-03-21 16:15:37 [Action] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: is never funny.<br />
2011-03-21 16:15:38 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: next topic for discussion?<br />
2011-03-21 16:15:39 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-21 16:15:40 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-21 16:15:48 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: The file area <br />
2011-03-21 16:15:59 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: GeneJ will laugh more silently, then.<br />
2011-03-21 16:16:03 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I created a GMAIL account for <a class="wiki_link_ext" href="mailto:BetterGEDCOM@gmail.com" rel="nofollow">BetterGEDCOM@gmail.com</a><br />
2011-03-21 16:16:28 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Is that the gmail we had, or is it a new one?<br />
2011-03-21 16:16:34 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: so that it is the old one<br />
2011-03-21 16:16:34 [Action] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: is hatching secret plans for WorseGEDCOM; even more incompatibilities than FamilySearch dreamt of.<br />
2011-03-21 16:16:46 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Har!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <br />
2011-03-21 16:17:06 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and the thought is to use THAT SPACE rather than my personal space for GOOGLE DOCS<br />
2011-03-21 16:17:19 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: so I moved the two excel worksheets we have over there.... <br />
2011-03-21 16:17:25 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: GeneJ can not WAIT for FS to issue a citations guideline. Will post it asap to New Hampshire Births, etc. Wiki discussion page.<br />
2011-03-21 16:17:51 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: So that is the space I should use for the EE spread sheets?<br />
2011-03-21 16:17:51 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: so that you can log in and allow folks to view the worksheets<br />
2011-03-21 16:17:52 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: OUt for blood rte we?<br />
2011-03-21 16:17:56 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: or any new ones as well.<br />
2011-03-21 16:18:05 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: GeneJ that is where you may place that.<br />
2011-03-21 16:18:16 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: you'd have to log in as <a class="wiki_link_ext" href="mailto:BetterGEDCOM@gmail.com" rel="nofollow">BetterGEDCOM@gmail.com</a> to upload it.<br />
2011-03-21 16:18:21 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: kk<br />
2011-03-21 16:18:28 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: But andy ALSO has access to the password<br />
2011-03-21 16:18:36 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: so that he can approve people if I am away....<br />
2011-03-21 16:18:40 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: does this make sense?<br />
2011-03-21 16:18:56 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I NEED APPROVAL, Andy --- if you can give me a &quot;stamp of approval&quot; I'll be happy.<br />
2011-03-21 16:18:57 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: LOL<br />
2011-03-21 16:19:02 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Since I've never used GoogleDocs... not a bit! :)<br />
2011-03-21 16:19:18 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: well, when you have a GMAIL account<br />
2011-03-21 16:19:37 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: you can see in the upper left corner there is a link to all sorts of GOOGLE PROPERTIES<br />
2011-03-21 16:19:40 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: such as the READER<br />
2011-03-21 16:19:46 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and under MORE there is &quot;DOCS&quot;<br />
2011-03-21 16:19:58 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: it is a file area for uploading documents <br />
2011-03-21 16:20:03 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: one may wish to have in the cloud<br />
2011-03-21 16:20:07 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: or to share with others<br />
2011-03-21 16:20:13 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: as I've done here in BetterGEDCOM.<br />
2011-03-21 16:20:21 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: How about if you go there now, Andy, and click around<br />
2011-03-21 16:20:28 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: so you can become familiar with wha tI mean.<br />
2011-03-21 16:20:37 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I know you usually use an @AOL.com email address.<br />
2011-03-21 16:20:40 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: go to gmail.com<br />
2011-03-21 16:20:42 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and log in<br />
2011-03-21 16:20:49 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: as <a class="wiki_link_ext" href="mailto:BetterGEDCOM@gmail.com" rel="nofollow">BetterGEDCOM@gmail.com</a><br />
2011-03-21 16:20:51 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I put the GEDCOM source worksheet on GeneJ ... I should be able to move that over, change the links and reshare.<br />
2011-03-21 16:20:53 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: with the password you have for me.<br />
2011-03-21 16:21:04 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: wha tyou will do GeneJ<br />
2011-03-21 16:21:06 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: LATER<br />
2011-03-21 16:21:11 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok- I'll do iy on other computer :)<br />
2011-03-21 16:21:13 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: after Andy is out of <a class="wiki_link_ext" href="mailto:BG@Gmail.com" rel="nofollow">BG@Gmail.com</a><br />
2011-03-21 16:21:44 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: GENEJ: ..... share it with betterGEDCOM@gmail.com. Then go log in as <a class="wiki_link_ext" href="mailto:BetterGEDCOM@gmail.com" rel="nofollow">BetterGEDCOM@gmail.com</a><br />
2011-03-21 16:21:53 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: kk<br />
2011-03-21 16:21:57 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: then GeneJ --- make BetterGEDCOM The OWNER of the file.<br />
2011-03-21 16:22:10 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: OOo got it<br />
2011-03-21 16:22:20 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and reduce your self to someone with viewing and editing rights.<br />
2011-03-21 16:22:29 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: k<br />
2011-03-21 16:22:50 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I jsut did that with the earlier excel worksheet... so I just happen to know the drill.<br />
2011-03-21 16:23:09 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: andy are you experimenting?<br />
2011-03-21 16:23:17 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: have you found the two files uploaded there?<br />
2011-03-21 16:23:57 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: @GeneJ: You'll want to LINK to the file in the BetterGEDCOM file area on your wiki page<br />
2011-03-21 16:24:48 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok- I'm logging out og that now so GeneJ can work.<br />
2011-03-21 16:24:51 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and you may wish to announce via email to all BetterGEDCOM participants the link to the excel worksheet.... with a short two or three sentences about the purpose of the worksheet -- inviting them to view it.<br />
2011-03-21 16:24:56 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Password has been changed since I set it. <br />
2011-03-21 16:25:02 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes- I saw the two files.<br />
2011-03-21 16:25:37 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'll send it to you now via email.... so that it doesn't appear in notes here for this meeting.<br />
2011-03-21 16:25:44 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes.<br />
2011-03-21 16:26:15 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok you've got mail.<br />
2011-03-21 16:26:27 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Anyway -- this is the BEST way I've figured to make things available to our group<br />
2011-03-21 16:26:31 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: kk<br />
2011-03-21 16:26:45 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: with the ability for you other organizers to have access if I drop dead or something.<br />
2011-03-21 16:27:13 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: in no way do I wish to cause any delay in what's happening at BG.<br />
2011-03-21 16:27:35 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: (I am planning to live a long life --- long enough to see my grandchildren grow up to aggrevate their parents no end!)<br />
2011-03-21 16:27:53 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Hehehehe<br />
2011-03-21 16:28:16 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Butas when I travel, I want things to go forward just fine without requiring me to always be here to admit another individual to have viewing/editing rights.<br />
2011-03-21 16:28:28 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I am not sure if email can be forwarded to more than one email address.<br />
2011-03-21 16:28:39 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Question: Is there a special way we can grant access to all the wiki folks? Do we have a master email list?<br />
2011-03-21 16:28:46 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Is Andy able to do that?<br />
2011-03-21 16:28:51 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I have BetterGEDCOM@gmail forward everything to <a class="wiki_link_ext" href="mailto:Myrt@DearMYRTLE.com" rel="nofollow">Myrt@DearMYRTLE.com</a><br />
2011-03-21 16:29:10 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and leave a copy at <a class="wiki_link_ext" href="mailto:BetterGEDCOM@gmail.com" rel="nofollow">BetterGEDCOM@gmail.com</a><br />
2011-03-21 16:29:28 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: You can add people manually, I just wasn't prepared to do that for all 100ish members of the wiki.<br />
2011-03-21 16:29:38 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: kk<br />
2011-03-21 16:30:03 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: the Gmail also comes to my outlook<br />
2011-03-21 16:30:11 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I also am not sure we have everyone's email address. For a while we left the doors wide open on registering for this wiki, and now I think we do require an email address.<br />
2011-03-21 16:30:16 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-21 16:30:16 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-21 16:30:18 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ANdy?<br />
2011-03-21 16:30:29 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes?<br />
2011-03-21 16:30:45 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: do you have any insight about every wiki member = email address?<br />
2011-03-21 16:31:15 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Maybe it was Greg who knew that?<br />
2011-03-21 16:31:16 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: No- Can't you run a membership list or something?<br />
2011-03-21 16:31:21 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: let me see.<br />
2011-03-21 16:31:32 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Methink you needed to register your email with WikiSpaces.<br />
2011-03-21 16:31:57 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Even the list is divided up not all in one list<br />
2011-03-21 16:32:13 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and there is only Name, member since and type of member (member or organizer)<br />
2011-03-21 16:32:15 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and that is it.<br />
2011-03-21 16:32:21 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: those are the three column headings.<br />
2011-03-21 16:32:27 [Disconnect] DearMYRTLE<br />
2011-03-21 16:32:39 [Join Room] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Chat Lobby<br />
2011-03-21 16:32:39 [IP] DearMYRTLE: 98.169.227.168<br />
2011-03-21 16:32:39 [Login] DearMYRTLE<br />
2011-03-21 16:32:42 [Join Room] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting<br />
2011-03-21 16:32:42 [Exit Room] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Chat Lobby<br />
2011-03-21 16:32:58 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: a mouse roll over a members name on the members list<br />
2011-03-21 16:33:08 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Okay ... I believe the correct worksheet is now owned by BetterGEDCOM. <br />
2011-03-21 16:33:08 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: has the option to &quot;send XYZ a message&quot;<br />
2011-03-21 16:33:13 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: the number of page edits<br />
2011-03-21 16:33:17 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: the number of message posts<br />
2011-03-21 16:33:23 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Hmmm, odd that no e-mail addresses maintained.<br />
2011-03-21 16:33:23 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and click to view the member profile.<br />
2011-03-21 16:33:28 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'll get the second worksheet up there in a bit.<br />
2011-03-21 16:33:56 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: the click to view profile only adds the listing of wikis the person belongs to on Wikispaces.<br />
2011-03-21 16:34:03 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: For instance, most it is only BetterGEDCOM<br />
2011-03-21 16:34:09 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: for me it is BetterGEDCOM and RootsTech.<br />
2011-03-21 16:34:30 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: that's it --- no mention of email address <br />
2011-03-21 16:34:40 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: does that answer your question, GeneJ?<br />
2011-03-21 16:34:52 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes.<br />
2011-03-21 16:34:54 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ty<br />
2011-03-21 16:35:07 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: IF the person registered with an email address to wikispaces, then wikispaces sends a COPY of the wikispaces email we send out<br />
2011-03-21 16:35:19 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: to that person's email address of record (known apparently only to wikispaces.)<br />
2011-03-21 16:35:21 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-21 16:35:21 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-21 16:35:38 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: if there was no email address required --- as some BetterGEDCOM participants have noted<br />
2011-03-21 16:36:08 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: then the only indication there is email from the BetterGEDCOM group or any portion there of.... is the little email envelope in the upper right of the wikispaces environment.<br />
2011-03-21 16:36:09 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-21 16:36:09 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-21 16:36:20 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok -- anything else?<br />
2011-03-21 16:36:51 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: so Andy --- Russ and GeneJ have the access to the <a class="wiki_link_ext" href="mailto:BetterGEDCOM@gmail.com" rel="nofollow">BetterGEDCOM@gmail.com</a> account... as they are organizers... you are kinda my back-up plan here --- for when I am away.<br />
2011-03-21 16:37:06 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok- that works.<br />
2011-03-21 16:37:44 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: As I mentioned during the DM this morning, I'll be gone Thursday night, and not return until Sunday some time -- owing to the Fairfax Genealogical Society's general meeting, and their annual 2-day conference. My husband is the vendor chair -- having stepped down from conference chair for 12 years.<br />
2011-03-21 16:38:19 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: we are personally hosting one of our out-of-town speakers -- Warren Bittner --- pick him up at the airport on Wed at midnight, take him to DC archives on thursday daytime<br />
2011-03-21 16:38:26 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and then he speaks on Thursday night at general meeting.<br />
2011-03-21 16:38:38 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Friday morning is setup for the conference --- folks start arriving at about 1pm.<br />
2011-03-21 16:38:42 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: so that is the rest of my week.<br />
2011-03-21 16:38:44 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-21 16:38:46 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-21 16:38:47 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-21 16:38:53 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: THANKS, Andy, I appreciate it.<br />
2011-03-21 16:38:59 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I really miss everyone when I am not here.<br />
2011-03-21 16:39:02 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: No problem :)<br />
2011-03-21 16:39:15 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and it is VERY hard to play catch up.... glad we have moderators now.<br />
2011-03-21 16:39:38 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: is there anything else?<br />
2011-03-21 16:39:44 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I have more work to do on the home page....<br />
2011-03-21 16:39:52 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Can't think of anything here.<br />
2011-03-21 16:40:07 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: but won't do it until tomorrow... getting a little frazzled tonight.<br />
2011-03-21 16:40:09 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok<br />
2011-03-21 16:40:10 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: GeneJ?<br />
2011-03-21 16:40:19 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: all fine<br />
2011-03-21 16:40:21 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok<br />
2011-03-21 16:40:21 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: here<br />
2011-03-21 16:40:23 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and Tamura<br />
2011-03-21 16:40:27 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: (are you sleeping yet?)<br />
2011-03-21 16:40:28 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ;)<br />
2011-03-21 16:40:31 [Action] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: is silent<br />
2011-03-21 16:40:35 [Action] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: nods <br />
2011-03-21 16:40:36 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ij<br />
2011-03-21 16:40:38 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok<br />
2011-03-21 16:40:38 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: awww<br />
2011-03-21 16:40:47 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: then let's call this meeting OVER....<br />
2011-03-21 16:40:49 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: kk<br />
2011-03-21 16:41:00 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'll post the transcript and then go AFK.<br />
2011-03-21 16:41:02 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Nice to chat, everyone. <br />
2011-03-21 16:41:04 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: THANKS everyone for being here.<br />
2011-03-21 16:41:10 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: We're making real progress
    </div>
  </body>
</html>