<html>
  <head>
    <title>BetterGedcom - OrganizersMeetingNotes 2011-03- (Mar 28)</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="static/style.css" type="text/css" />
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html;charset=utf-8" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="wiki" id="content_view" style="display: block;">
<h1 id="toc0"> </h1>
 <strong>Organizers Meeting Chat Log</strong><br />
<strong>28 March 2011</strong><br />
2011-03-28 16:02:26 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Hi Tamura<br />
2011-03-28 16:02:38 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Hello Tamura<br />
2011-03-28 16:02:55 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Starting in 1 minute.....<br />
2011-03-28 16:03:51 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I've redone the HOME PAGE... if you'd like to check it out!<br />
2011-03-28 16:04:11 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I tried to put things in paragraph format -- giving links where appropriate.<br />
2011-03-28 16:04:31 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I like that introduction. Down to earth ... says it all<br />
2011-03-28 16:04:32 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I tend to think in bulleted lists... but I think Geir has a point that paragraphs may seem more friendly.<br />
2011-03-28 16:04:47 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: this is only my second draft.<br />
2011-03-28 16:04:51 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ;)<br />
2011-03-28 16:04:54 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I would add ONE word<br />
2011-03-28 16:05:07 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: &quot;We seek to develop and open standard ....&quot;<br />
2011-03-28 16:05:27 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: is that the right way of saying that?<br />
2011-03-28 16:05:35 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: an open standard?<br />
2011-03-28 16:05:37 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: develop an open<br />
2011-03-28 16:05:38 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: yes<br />
2011-03-28 16:05:41 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: that sounds great.<br />
2011-03-28 16:05:45 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: thanks for that input.<br />
2011-03-28 16:06:04 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: done!<br />
2011-03-28 16:06:25 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I've got your hyperlinks in there for GPS and EE for ya, GeneJ -- so you dont' have to look those up.<br />
2011-03-28 16:06:26 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-28 16:06:27 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-28 16:06:29 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-28 16:06:33 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Our agenda today:<br />
2011-03-28 16:06:38 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: The text under &quot;WHAT do we do here?&quot; seems to be &quot;how we go about doing it&quot; ?<br />
2011-03-28 16:06:39 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Backing up protocol<br />
2011-03-28 16:06:40 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: tyty<br />
2011-03-28 16:06:41 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: anything else?<br />
2011-03-28 16:07:13 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: right -- Tamura but I am using two of the WHO, What, Why, When and How that we were taught in the olden days....<br />
2011-03-28 16:07:21 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: The single line about it actually is &quot;WHAT we do&quot;<br />
2011-03-28 16:07:24 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I thought What do we do here sounded more grounded.<br />
2011-03-28 16:07:35 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: about it ==&amp;gt; above it<br />
2011-03-28 16:07:37 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok<br />
2011-03-28 16:07:39 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'll change that.<br />
2011-03-28 16:07:58 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: done<br />
2011-03-28 16:08:12 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: anyway let's live with that home page for a bit and see how it goes.<br />
2011-03-28 16:08:13 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-28 16:08:13 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-28 16:08:18 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I think Geir will like this.<br />
2011-03-28 16:08:20 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: we may notice other things to change.<br />
2011-03-28 16:08:25 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I have the blog in there.<br />
2011-03-28 16:08:35 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and removed all that text on the bottom from the former home page.<br />
2011-03-28 16:08:45 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: as we change our focus to data models<br />
2011-03-28 16:08:53 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: then we will change the home page... etc.<br />
2011-03-28 16:08:54 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: etc.<br />
2011-03-28 16:09:21 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'd also like to add ATTENDANCE to our agenda and talk about that now.....<br />
2011-03-28 16:09:22 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-28 16:09:23 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-28 16:09:30 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: brb... little dog needs door<br />
2011-03-28 16:09:32 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ah! change heading to &quot;what's hot now&quot; :-)<br />
2011-03-28 16:09:51 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: hmmmm that's a great idea.<br />
2011-03-28 16:10:24 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: &quot;Lowdown on the BuzzzUP&quot; :)<br />
2011-03-28 16:10:30 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: heheheheheee<br />
2011-03-28 16:10:31 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes!!<br />
2011-03-28 16:10:34 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I like that idea!<br />
2011-03-28 16:10:52 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: hehehe ... separates us from the pack, too<br />
2011-03-28 16:11:03 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-28 16:11:03 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-28 16:11:34 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Regarding ATTENDANCE -- I forgot to send a reminder email to everyone on Wiki mail.... with a link to the registraiton page....<br />
2011-03-28 16:11:42 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: That huge pack of GEDCOM alternative sites ;-)<br />
2011-03-28 16:11:44 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'll put that on my calendar to do on Sunday evenings.<br />
2011-03-28 16:11:55 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ;-)<br />
2011-03-28 16:12:04 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: :)<br />
2011-03-28 16:12:32 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: so ANDY let's you and I work to see that a REMINDER EMAIL goes out. I was out of practice I'd say.<br />
2011-03-28 16:12:45 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I think we have better attendance when they see the link in an email reminder.<br />
2011-03-28 16:12:47 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-28 16:12:47 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-28 16:13:00 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Ooo... FYI<br />
2011-03-28 16:13:02 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Any other thoughts?<br />
2011-03-28 16:13:05 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: yes?<br />
2011-03-28 16:13:11 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: When I logged in today, I was told<br />
2011-03-28 16:13:13 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok- I'll be Myrt's Official Reminder :)<br />
2011-03-28 16:13:27 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: that I couldn't run the GTM application because<br />
2011-03-28 16:13:39 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I didn't have Java<br />
2011-03-28 16:13:44 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: enabled<br />
2011-03-28 16:13:47 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: BUT I did.<br />
2011-03-28 16:13:49 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: You are on the MAC platform as well, correct.<br />
2011-03-28 16:13:50 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ?<br />
2011-03-28 16:13:53 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes.<br />
2011-03-28 16:14:00 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: But it's never done this before<br />
2011-03-28 16:14:10 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: That is a GoToWebinar problem -- wonder what's up? You had trouble signing in before.<br />
2011-03-28 16:14:12 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I almost sent email ..<br />
2011-03-28 16:14:13 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: as I recally.<br />
2011-03-28 16:14:16 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: hmmmm.<br />
2011-03-28 16:14:28 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: but then just decided I'd try the link again from the email.<br />
2011-03-28 16:14:33 [Action] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: nods<br />
2011-03-28 16:14:35 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and it opened without any comment<br />
2011-03-28 16:14:36 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and it worked?<br />
2011-03-28 16:14:42 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: That's why I was late.<br />
2011-03-28 16:14:45 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: geesh --- a hiccup in their system I guess.<br />
2011-03-28 16:14:48 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: \hmmmm<br />
2011-03-28 16:14:52 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: glad you were diligent.<br />
2011-03-28 16:15:01 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: do you ahve a new FireFox version?<br />
2011-03-28 16:15:08 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: mine updated this weekend... on my laptop<br />
2011-03-28 16:15:23 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and I had to install some updates to Java and Adobe<br />
2011-03-28 16:15:45 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: before I could demo GoToWebinar to some friends at a big genealogy website.<br />
2011-03-28 16:15:45 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes.<br />
2011-03-28 16:15:49 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yeah- there were a bunch of different updates this weekend for some reason.<br />
2011-03-28 16:15:50 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: (not the biggest)<br />
2011-03-28 16:15:51 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I hve current FF<br />
2011-03-28 16:16:15 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: well, I heard from people who attended SCANFEST yesterday that they were having trouble with FF most recent version<br />
2011-03-28 16:16:19 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: not encountered last month.<br />
2011-03-28 16:16:24 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Gene- current=3.6.16 or 4.0?<br />
2011-03-28 16:16:27 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: 4.0<br />
2011-03-28 16:16:27 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: SCANFEST runs .... let me see....<br />
2011-03-28 16:17:10 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: &amp;lt;--- also has 4.0 and has had no trouble with it.<br />
2011-03-28 16:17:13 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Scanfest uses CoverItLive and so I think it is your FF.<br />
2011-03-28 16:17:19 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: but Andy, aren't you on a PC?<br />
2011-03-28 16:17:24 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: FF runs fine, but not all add-ons compatible yet.<br />
2011-03-28 16:17:32 [Action] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: nods<br />
2011-03-28 16:17:36 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: thanks for letting us know.<br />
2011-03-28 16:17:38 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: yes.. on 3 PCs to be exact :)<br />
2011-03-28 16:17:49 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: let's hope the coders catch up with FF then.<br />
2011-03-28 16:17:57 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: It will make life easier all around.<br />
2011-03-28 16:17:58 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-28 16:17:58 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-28 16:18:12 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I wonder if others thought they couldn't get in the room?<br />
2011-03-28 16:18:27 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: GeneJ were you initially going to the website and then planning to type in the meeting ID?<br />
2011-03-28 16:18:38 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: instead of using the link in your email?<br />
2011-03-28 16:18:51 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-28 16:18:52 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-28 16:18:53 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-28 16:18:57 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I initially linked FROM BetterGEDCOM<br />
2011-03-28 16:19:10 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and the second time, I linked from the e-mail.<br />
2011-03-28 16:19:17 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: there is a link to the exact meeting -- that would be to registering, wouldn't it?<br />
2011-03-28 16:19:24 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes.<br />
2011-03-28 16:19:33 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I think that is what triggered the e-mail, actually<br />
2011-03-28 16:19:33 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: there isn't a link to the exact meeting EXCEPT to register on BG to my knowledge.<br />
2011-03-28 16:19:37 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: right.<br />
2011-03-28 16:19:38 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-28 16:19:39 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-28 16:20:06 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: so when you registed this AM that is what triggered your on screen problem alert<br />
2011-03-28 16:20:15 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: IOW, my failed attempt triggered the registration ... the registration triggered the e-mail.<br />
2011-03-28 16:20:19 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: but the email came to you anyway, with a viable link that provided you access.<br />
2011-03-28 16:20:23 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes.<br />
2011-03-28 16:20:31 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: So the registration worked... just gave you an error message.<br />
2011-03-28 16:20:35 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: it was that attempt that sent me scrambling.<br />
2011-03-28 16:20:41 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: wonder if it is because it was AFTER I had opened the webinar?<br />
2011-03-28 16:20:47 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: oh well, we on'y have to solve GEDCOM problems here<br />
2011-03-28 16:20:51 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: It let me register but would not let me &quot;in&quot; to the meeting<br />
2011-03-28 16:20:57 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: not GoToWebinar stuff, eh? LOL.<br />
2011-03-28 16:20:58 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-28 16:20:58 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-28 16:21:00 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: kk<br />
2011-03-28 16:21:00 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes.<br />
2011-03-28 16:21:04 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: &quot;OnlY' she says!<br />
2011-03-28 16:21:10 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ONE MORE THING that I'd like to talk about....<br />
2011-03-28 16:21:13 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: the backing up<br />
2011-03-28 16:21:23 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Geir mentioned attempting to do it.<br />
2011-03-28 16:21:28 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I haven't had a second to do it...<br />
2011-03-28 16:21:30 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: It's an undocumented GotoWebinar feature; no access if you haven't finished your assigned BetterGEDCOM tasks.<br />
2011-03-28 16:21:35 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: felt the home page was a higher priority.<br />
2011-03-28 16:21:43 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: hahaha<br />
2011-03-28 16:21:56 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: but I am concerned about giving additional access to the admin side<br />
2011-03-28 16:22:06 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: if I add Geir is that showing preference?<br />
2011-03-28 16:22:16 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Shouldn't this be an &quot;organizers&quot; responsibility?<br />
2011-03-28 16:22:18 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-28 16:22:18 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-28 16:22:28 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: He knows how to do it.<br />
2011-03-28 16:22:33 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: maybe mine, since I own the wikispace -- paying for it.<br />
2011-03-28 16:22:46 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: he doesn't know how to do it, because he couldn't complete the process without greater access.<br />
2011-03-28 16:23:06 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: The problem with greater access is that someone can inadvertantly upgrade and incur expenses on my credit card.<br />
2011-03-28 16:23:08 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: echnically- yes, is should be you but... you can delegate ;)<br />
2011-03-28 16:23:13 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: no offence to Geir of course.<br />
2011-03-28 16:23:15 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I sure wouldn't bank on me being able to figure it out!<br />
2011-03-28 16:23:30 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Just thinking of setting precedences here.<br />
2011-03-28 16:23:33 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-28 16:23:33 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-28 16:23:47 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I have no problem with Geir backing up.<br />
2011-03-28 16:23:49 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Well, I think I'll just add a reminder to back it up.... how frequently would you like.<br />
2011-03-28 16:23:55 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I do think the back up should be shared.<br />
2011-03-28 16:24:04 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Just a question: how locked into WikiSpaces is BetterGEDCOM? Is there any utility to export and import into another wiki platform?<br />
2011-03-28 16:24:07 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: But GeneJ I have a problem with anyone else having access to my account with my credit card.<br />
2011-03-28 16:24:13 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: There are certain Admin things thay only you should be able to do- especially if it involves your money :)<br />
2011-03-28 16:24:15 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: OOoo<br />
2011-03-28 16:24:26 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes.<br />
2011-03-28 16:24:31 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: that is my only concern --- not Geir, but setting the precedence.<br />
2011-03-28 16:24:47 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: there is an export utility<br />
2011-03-28 16:24:50 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: let me look into it.<br />
2011-03-28 16:25:07 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I jsut couldn't get everything done I'd planned before the meeting. I'll report next week at this meeting, OK.<br />
2011-03-28 16:25:08 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ?<br />
2011-03-28 16:25:27 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: kk<br />
2011-03-28 16:25:32 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: If you can import into another wiki platform, you can set it up on the domain, and have full control.<br />
2011-03-28 16:25:44 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: it can be downloaded in the FOLLOWING:<br />
2011-03-28 16:25:48 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .PDF<br />
2011-03-28 16:25:51 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Wiki Text<br />
2011-03-28 16:25:52 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Html<br />
2011-03-28 16:26:10 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: in either a Windows .zip file or<br />
2011-03-28 16:26:20 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: a Unix .tgz file<br />
2011-03-28 16:26:22 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Hm, &quot;Wiki Text&quot; *sounds* right...<br />
2011-03-28 16:26:57 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: It would be ironic for BG to suffer vendor lock-in...<br />
2011-03-28 16:27:09 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Greg made 2 in Unix .tgz mode and it amounted to about 2.03 MB<br />
2011-03-28 16:27:13 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: LOL! Wouldn't it tho!<br />
2011-03-28 16:27:50 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok, I am processing a WIKI TEXT in .ZIP mode... we shall see what happens.<br />
2011-03-28 16:28:08 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: It says I'll receive a notice when the file is created.<br />
2011-03-28 16:28:18 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: might be good to look into an EXTERNAL backup plan for a wiki.<br />
2011-03-28 16:28:30 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: not using the existing service to back up our wiki.<br />
2011-03-28 16:29:21 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok -- it created the zipped file, and gave me the option in windows to save it or open it.<br />
2011-03-28 16:29:32 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'll upload the file so you all can see what to make of it....<br />
2011-03-28 16:29:35 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: one second.<br />
2011-03-28 16:29:42 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: it only took about a minute.<br />
2011-03-28 16:30:16 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Is this called a rount trip test?<br />
2011-03-28 16:30:30 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: <a class="wiki_link_ext" href="export/download/70116/bettergedcom_20110328.zip" rel="nofollow">export/download/70116/bettergedcom_20110328.zip</a><br />
2011-03-28 16:30:36 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: can you get that file?<br />
2011-03-28 16:30:56 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Prolly in this format: <a href="http://help.wikispaces.com/Wikitext">http://help.wikispaces.com/Wikitext</a><br />
2011-03-28 16:31:18 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I got it fine.<br />
2011-03-28 16:31:32 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I got something.<br />
2011-03-28 16:31:55 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok, so I can make a backup every WEEK here at the organizers meeting, and send you the link.<br />
2011-03-28 16:32:07 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Only the last one or two are available without having to upgrade<br />
2011-03-28 16:32:15 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: the upgrade allows the last ten backups.<br />
2011-03-28 16:32:19 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Is this a good plan?<br />
2011-03-28 16:32:31 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I will add the backup to the agenda to remind me.<br />
2011-03-28 16:32:53 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Err.. Myrt- I can put them on the Zshare thing if you like.<br />
2011-03-28 16:33:02 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: sure --- good idea....<br />
2011-03-28 16:33:03 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: That way we can keep all we want.<br />
2011-03-28 16:33:05 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: thanks, Andy.<br />
2011-03-28 16:33:17 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Or try the brand new sendoid thingamajig<br />
2011-03-28 16:33:34 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: <a class="wiki_link_ext" href="http://sendoid.com/" rel="nofollow">http://sendoid.com/</a><br />
2011-03-28 16:34:29 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: kewl...<br />
2011-03-28 16:34:31 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: OK<br />
2011-03-28 16:34:36 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: we've got a backup plan.<br />
2011-03-28 16:34:46 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I think weekly on Monday at Organizers Meeting is a good plan.<br />
2011-03-28 16:34:57 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and having the file in at least two places is good as well.<br />
2011-03-28 16:34:58 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Maybe send a copy of the backup to Geir?<br />
2011-03-28 16:35:09 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: He doesn't need the copy<br />
2011-03-28 16:35:16 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: he just needs to know we've got it.<br />
2011-03-28 16:35:22 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I am attempting to be impartial.<br />
2011-03-28 16:35:26 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ;)<br />
2011-03-28 16:35:55 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I am not sure anyone really &quot;needs&quot; a copy of the wiki....<br />
2011-03-28 16:36:02 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: are there security issues with making it public?<br />
2011-03-28 16:36:15 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Well.<br />
2011-03-28 16:36:17 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: could be<br />
2011-03-28 16:36:24 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: does it have our email addresses in it?<br />
2011-03-28 16:36:26 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: the wiki is public, but it would be harder to duplicate without accessing a backup.<br />
2011-03-28 16:36:32 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I don't know... I haven't checked.<br />
2011-03-28 16:36:34 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Is your credit card in it?<br />
2011-03-28 16:36:38 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I don't think it would.<br />
2011-03-28 16:36:46 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: those are personal account items.<br />
2011-03-28 16:36:55 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Myrtle's credit card? Oh... (starting download)<br />
2011-03-28 16:36:57 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: let me open it and see<br />
2011-03-28 16:37:00 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Has anyone tt Tom?<br />
2011-03-28 16:37:01 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: heheheheheeeee<br />
2011-03-28 16:37:06 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: or heard from Tom?<br />
2011-03-28 16:37:22 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: yes, he intended to lay low for a bit.<br />
2011-03-28 16:37:29 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: He was at the OpenGen webinar.<br />
2011-03-28 16:37:39 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: how are things going over htere?<br />
2011-03-28 16:37:57 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I don't know, I left after five minutes, too much background noise.<br />
2011-03-28 16:38:31 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I keep meaning to get over there but this FV game is taking a lot of my time *sigh*<br />
2011-03-28 16:38:38 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: People without headsets make a lot of it...<br />
2011-03-28 16:38:39 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I heard they are not using GoToWebinar any more.<br />
2011-03-28 16:38:56 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: You heard wrong?<br />
2011-03-28 16:39:14 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: oh, Ryssa told me that before she left OpenGen / Apple Tree.<br />
2011-03-28 16:39:32 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and they aren't muting everyone.<br />
2011-03-28 16:39:37 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: They are looking at alternatives maybe, like everyone is...<br />
2011-03-28 16:39:42 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: DO they have more attendees that we have active participants?<br />
2011-03-28 16:39:45 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: oic<br />
2011-03-28 16:39:50 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: its a tough world out there.<br />
2011-03-28 16:41:04 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Looks like the backup is what's on each page...<br />
2011-03-28 16:41:51 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: in VERY GENRIC (a la RootWeb mailing list generic) text mode... with some code interspursed.<br />
2011-03-28 16:42:06 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I am removing the LINK to the backup file from our organizers meeting notes.<br />
2011-03-28 16:42:57 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: there are a great deal of files<br />
2011-03-28 16:43:33 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: which are our creation, not the wiki's.<br />
2011-03-28 16:43:38 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Apparently ownership<br />
2011-03-28 16:43:43 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and members are not part of the backup.<br />
2011-03-28 16:44:06 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I have a sources, etc. question<br />
2011-03-28 16:44:19 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: kk<br />
2011-03-28 16:44:24 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: fire away -- we have 15 more minutes<br />
2011-03-28 16:44:26 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ;)<br />
2011-03-28 16:44:47 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I developed a page that is sort of ... Sources and Citations in GEDCOM for dummies<br />
2011-03-28 16:44:58 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I have a few more graphics to add.<br />
2011-03-28 16:45:15 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok....<br />
2011-03-28 16:45:18 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: do you have the URL....<br />
2011-03-28 16:45:19 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: It was my way, Myrt, of trying to<br />
2011-03-28 16:45:22 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Oooo<br />
2011-03-28 16:45:28 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: not publishd ... in MS Word<br />
2011-03-28 16:45:31 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and Photoshop<br />
2011-03-28 16:45:32 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ooooh ok.<br />
2011-03-28 16:45:41 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'm wondering &quot;where&quot; it should go.<br />
2011-03-28 16:45:47 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: should it go on the blog?<br />
2011-03-28 16:46:11 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: &quot;Sources and citations in GEDCOM for dummies&quot; should be your next blog post on your own blog?<br />
2011-03-28 16:46:25 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: On the BetterGEDCOM blog?<br />
2011-03-28 16:46:29 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: well, if you prefer that environment --- will you place a link to it with a short summary on your EE &amp; GPS pages somewhere.<br />
2011-03-28 16:46:35 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Or just right in the wiki<br />
2011-03-28 16:46:36 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: thought I don't like the term &quot;dummies&quot; at all.<br />
2011-03-28 16:46:39 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I made it for the wiki<br />
2011-03-28 16:46:51 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: well, then create the page here, and link it to EE &amp; GPS<br />
2011-03-28 16:46:55 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: whichever.<br />
2011-03-28 16:46:57 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: but if we are looking for blog content, it cud go there<br />
2011-03-28 16:47:00 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: kk<br />
2011-03-28 16:47:00 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: we can always just pick on you later.<br />
2011-03-28 16:47:02 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: LOL.<br />
2011-03-28 16:47:05 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: hahaha<br />
2011-03-28 16:47:07 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I love &quot;for dummies&quot; books; it says right on the cover that it's not for me :-)<br />
2011-03-28 16:47:22 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I appreciate so much the ideas you are attempting to describe, GeneJ.<br />
2011-03-28 16:47:29 [Action] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: is ignoring Tamura! LOL<br />
2011-03-28 16:47:41 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Gene- then use &quot;poe Le Dumkophfs&quot; instead of &quot;for dummies&quot;- give it a bit of class :<br />
2011-03-28 16:47:43 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I didn't call it that<br />
2011-03-28 16:47:48 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: poe=por<br />
2011-03-28 16:47:52 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: LOL<br />
2011-03-28 16:47:54 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: actually I didn't put a name on it yet<br />
2011-03-28 16:48:01 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: but something catchy will do<br />
2011-03-28 16:48:02 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: that would let out the italians.... etc. LOL<br />
2011-03-28 16:48:29 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: oic, it was your generic term forwhat you are developing.<br />
2011-03-28 16:48:49 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: &amp;lt;--- is *not* a dummy but plays one on the internet!<br />
2011-03-28 16:48:50 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I think it significant that the programmer (Geir) says we cannot go forward without your work, GeneJ.<br />
2011-03-28 16:48:58 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ...for dummies, and everyone else, even DearMyrtle.<br />
2011-03-28 16:49:00 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Rotflol at Andy.<br />
2011-03-28 16:49:05 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-28 16:49:05 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br />
2011-03-28 16:49:08 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: hehehehehehheeeee<br />
2011-03-28 16:49:11 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: No ... he just wants me to get it up there.<br />
2011-03-28 16:49:24 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: but I LIKE that he wants it up there.<br />
2011-03-28 16:49:28 [Action] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: knows it safe to say that, she is ignoring me anyway.<br />
2011-03-28 16:49:30 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and that he communicates so well<br />
2011-03-28 16:49:40 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: :::giggle::::<br />
2011-03-28 16:49:40 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: hahaha<br />
2011-03-28 16:49:50 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Tamura ...<br />
2011-03-28 16:49:52 [Action] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: nods at GeneJ overlooking Tamura completely.<br />
2011-03-28 16:49:57 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'm not sure the GPS excludes SG<br />
2011-03-28 16:50:22 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'm having a hard time thinking why it would<br />
2011-03-28 16:50:29 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: err...<br />
2011-03-28 16:50:32 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: how it would<br />
2011-03-28 16:50:47 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: well, your work doesn't have to be the final product -- see how well you all helped me with the home page?<br />
2011-03-28 16:50:54 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: But I do see an article in Tamura's future ...<br />
2011-03-28 16:51:01 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: jsut go for IT... ;)<br />
2011-03-28 16:51:08 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: what GeneJ didn't know about GEDCOM sources for dummies<br />
2011-03-28 16:51:14 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: yup, you are right -- Tamura will certainly have something to say.<br />
2011-03-28 16:51:20 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: GeneJ: let's just say it is was written by traditional genealogists for traditional genealogy.<br />
2011-03-28 16:51:29 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: It really DOES take a village to get this right.<br />
2011-03-28 16:51:34 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes.<br />
2011-03-28 16:51:35 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Tamura, that is a good way to do it.<br />
2011-03-28 16:51:39 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: to put it.<br />
2011-03-28 16:51:48 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I post it to wiki first<br />
2011-03-28 16:52:03 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: you can perhaps lay it out better over on the blog with more details there?<br />
2011-03-28 16:52:04 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and when pps have had a chance to comment,<br />
2011-03-28 16:52:07 [Action] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: sees many articles in the future....<br />
2011-03-28 16:52:08 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: if we think its a go<br />
2011-03-28 16:52:09 [Action] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: nods<br />
2011-03-28 16:52:14 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I am sure it is.<br />
2011-03-28 16:52:15 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: we send it to blog where we don' updatae<br />
2011-03-28 16:52:30 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Sometimes less is more.<br />
2011-03-28 16:52:38 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Gier is looking for &quot;fresh&quot; content<br />
2011-03-28 16:52:41 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: or &quot;new&quot; content<br />
2011-03-28 16:52:47 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: but the problem is 14 years old.<br />
2011-03-28 16:52:51 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: so not to worry.<br />
2011-03-28 16:52:58 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: we are in the forward movement mode.<br />
2011-03-28 16:53:04 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: get it out there....<br />
2011-03-28 16:53:08 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and thanks for doing this.<br />
2011-03-28 16:53:09 [Message] DearMYRTLE -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .
    </div>
  </body>
</html>