<html>
<head>
<title>BetterGedcom - OrganizersMeetingNotes 2010-12-27 (Dec 27)</title>
<link href="static/style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="text/html;charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="wiki" id="content_view" style="display: block;">
ORGANIZERS' MEETING LOG - 27 Dec 2010 <br/>
<br/>
<br/>
2010-12-27 15:53:30 [Login] dearmyrtle<br/>
2010-12-27 15:53:30 [IP] dearmyrtle: 216.194.124.37<br/>
2010-12-27 15:53:30 [Join Room] dearmyrtle -&gt; Chat Lobby<br/>
2010-12-27 15:53:39 [Exit Room] dearmyrtle -&gt; Chat Lobby<br/>
2010-12-27 15:53:39 [Join Room] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting<br/>
2010-12-27 15:54:08 [Login] louiskessler<br/>
2010-12-27 16:00:27 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Welcome, Scott!<br/>
2010-12-27 16:00:32 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: As we begin our meeting -- I'd like to refer everyone to the agenda....<br/>
2010-12-27 16:00:37 [Message] appletree2 -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Hi Pat and Gene<br/>
2010-12-27 16:00:41 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: <a class="wiki_link_ext" href="message/view/Chat/32097580" rel="nofollow">message/view/Chat/32097580</a><br/>
2010-12-27 16:00:56 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: We'll follow that agenda pretty much.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:01:17 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: (skyped with russ a bit ago on FTM help ... expect him)<br/>
2010-12-27 16:01:34 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: With everyone's permission, I'll be recording the session --- and then posting it unedited as we do. Please reply in the affirmative if you approve of the recording...<br/>
2010-12-27 16:01:43 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes<br/>
2010-12-27 16:01:51 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Aye<br/>
2010-12-27 16:01:53 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes<br/>
2010-12-27 16:01:54 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes<br/>
2010-12-27 16:01:57 [Message] appletree2 -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes<br/>
2010-12-27 16:02:04 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok<br/>
2010-12-27 16:02:07 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: =================================<br/>
2010-12-27 16:02:11 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Welcome everyone!<br/>
2010-12-27 16:02:17 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: We hodl this meeting each week<br/>
2010-12-27 16:02:27 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: to be sure the needs of the coders are being met....<br/>
2010-12-27 16:02:40 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and that cohesion between the wiki and the blog happens.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:02:54 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and to bounce ideas back and forth in real time.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:02:55 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br/>
2010-12-27 16:02:56 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br/>
2010-12-27 16:03:12 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: FIRST on the agenda is the setting of a BetterGEDCOM large meeting ---<br/>
2010-12-27 16:03:14 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: date/<br/>
2010-12-27 16:03:15 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: time<br/>
2010-12-27 16:03:21 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and agenda.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:03:30 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: We're ready to move in that direction... and get some things done.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:03:42 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I serve as your servant -- since I am obviously an end user.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:03:54 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Taumra -- you are the one most inconvenienced by an afternoon mtg.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:04:08 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and Andy -- you hoped for a weekend meeting.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:04:18 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: What are your thoughts on that?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:04:21 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br/>
2010-12-27 16:04:21 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br/>
2010-12-27 16:04:23 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: anyone?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:04:32 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'm open.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:04:37 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: me too ---\<br/>
2010-12-27 16:04:40 [Action] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: would love afternoon meetings.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:04:51 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: your type of afternoon ---- LOL.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:04:57 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Well- not hoped for but was thinking it might be easier on others- I'm retired and can attend anytime- 2AM if needed ;)<br/>
2010-12-27 16:05:12 [Action] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: nods<br/>
2010-12-27 16:05:25 [Login] opengen<br/>
2010-12-27 16:05:25 [IP] opengen: 173.51.247.22<br/>
2010-12-27 16:05:26 [Join Room] opengen -&gt; Chat Lobby<br/>
2010-12-27 16:05:31 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Do we want a morning meeting on the first available Saturday?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:05:33 [Exit Room] opengen -&gt; Chat Lobby<br/>
2010-12-27 16:05:33 [Join Room] opengen -&gt; Organizers Meeting<br/>
2010-12-27 16:05:42 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: other than New Years' Day?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:06:02 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Scott, you are AppleTree, and OpenGen is Rysa?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:06:04 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Saturday mornings aren't bad for me.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:06:11 [Message] appletree2 -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Pat, you are exactly correct<br/>
2010-12-27 16:06:17 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: thanks<br/>
2010-12-27 16:06:31 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Welcome, Rysa.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:06:51 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: &amp;lt;-- is not a footbal fan so even New Year's Day is ok with me :)<br/>
2010-12-27 16:06:58 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok, so how about focusing on Saturday the 8th of January 2011 in the morning like 10am Pacific -----<br/>
2010-12-27 16:07:06 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: New Years Day is really a holiday .<br/>
2010-12-27 16:07:09 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: family time<br/>
2010-12-27 16:07:12 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I can certainly do New Years Day ... but I might be in the minority<br/>
2010-12-27 16:07:15 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: which genealogists tend to like.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:07:38 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: how about Sunday the 2nd --<br/>
2010-12-27 16:07:45 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: if you prefer an earlier mtg.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:07:56 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: So gather family around the monitor and show then how genealogy gets developed :)<br/>
2010-12-27 16:08:06 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I can also do the 2nd<br/>
2010-12-27 16:08:12 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: my grandkids would prefer the wii or x-box! LOL.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:08:17 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: 2nd sounds ok.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:08:25 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: what is 10am Pafici US for you Tamura...?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:08:27 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: doable?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:08:31 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Louis?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:08:49 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Good for me.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:08:52 [Action] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: thinks in UTC and thinks it will be fine.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:09:09 [Message] opengen -&gt; Organizers Meeting: 10am PST on the 2nd is great<br/>
2010-12-27 16:09:10 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok, I'll set the calendar to include 2 Jan 10am Pacific US time.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:09:16 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: its a go.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:09:17 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: now --<br/>
2010-12-27 16:09:25 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: PRIOR to that meeting --<br/>
2010-12-27 16:09:27 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: (Yeah)<br/>
2010-12-27 16:09:51 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: can we consider a method of agreeing at a consensus when developing each "module" of the standard?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:10:14 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'd like you all to consider the German method<br/>
2010-12-27 16:10:15 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: yes<br/>
2010-12-27 16:10:20 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: yes -- I am live with it<br/>
2010-12-27 16:10:27 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: or no -- that is an impossible option for me.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:10:40 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: but whatever method you devise is great.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:10:46 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: What is the "German" method?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:10:56 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: yes, yes or no as described above.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:11:21 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: 21 programmers manage to agree -- and they each have their own independent software companies<br/>
2010-12-27 16:11:27 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I've been thinking about that... seems to me end users are supremely unknowledgable about techie things- so should they be included in teckie "consencus" things?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:11:36 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: they are cooperating in an innovatieve<br/>
2010-12-27 16:11:42 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: they are cooperating in an innovatieveGREAT question -- andy...<br/>
2010-12-27 16:11:50 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I certainly don't feel qwualified to vote.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:12:01 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Does that mean everyone needs to be yes or yes can live with it?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:12:22 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: no -- it means that those two need to outweigh the number of "no" votes<br/>
2010-12-27 16:12:30 [Message] opengen -&gt; Organizers Meeting: &amp;lt;-- doesn't understand it well enough to weigh in<br/>
2010-12-27 16:12:34 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes ... Yes can live with it or I need more information.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:12:46 [Message] appletree2 -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Is there a link to this consensus of opinion German model?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:13:01 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: It was mentioned in our wiki -- offered as a suggestion by that group to us.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:13:13 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok<br/>
2010-12-27 16:13:31 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: what things need to be "discussed on the wiki" in preparation for that Large Group meeting ont he 2nd?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:13:45 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Wish theywould do a translatable Web page so I could google it.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:13:58 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I don't know where you guys (generic term) are in your coding.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:14:16 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: anything to iron out theoretically prior to the Jan 2nd mtg.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:14:24 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: You know -- we will be inviting a lot of the lurkers --<br/>
2010-12-27 16:14:30 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and so FamilySearch won't attend on Sunday<br/>
2010-12-27 16:14:38 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: nor will Bruce Buzbee of RootsMagic<br/>
2010-12-27 16:15:00 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: You probably need to work up a rather detailed agenda- with that many newbies.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:15:16 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and the agenda will need to be developed by you all...<br/>
2010-12-27 16:15:23 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: as the terms you'll be discussing are so foreign to me.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:15:58 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Because of the Sunday thing -- perhaps we should move the meeting to Monday 3rd.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:16:05 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I suggest an obvious new wiki page for that agenda, so that the agenda can be openly discussed and developed.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:16:23 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: right -- that discussion will be in the chat area....<br/>
2010-12-27 16:16:37 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: as we've been doing thus far... may as well keep them all together.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:16:45 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: If moving it will get FamilySearch and RootsMagic here- move it! :)<br/>
2010-12-27 16:16:57 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I second that -- just didn't think it through earlier.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:17:05 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Why don't they want to meet on Sunday?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:17:07 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: so we'll have it on the 2rd of January.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:17:20 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: It is the sabbath -- day of rest, attending church and to fmaily.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:17:22 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: family.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:17:27 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: 3rd<br/>
2010-12-27 16:17:28 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: kk.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:17:30 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: For the agenda, I suggest a wiki PAGE rather than just discussion.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:17:35 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Sabbath is Jewish tradition, and roughly Saturday, not Sunday.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:17:37 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: We could get lost in the discussions<br/>
2010-12-27 16:18:10 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Tamura -- I am also LDS, and am aware of the observance those two entities will likely honor.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:18:15 [Disconnect] opengen<br/>
2010-12-27 16:18:17 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: we want to make it easy for them to attend.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:18:28 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ;)<br/>
2010-12-27 16:18:28 [Login] opengen<br/>
2010-12-27 16:18:28 [IP] opengen: 173.51.247.22<br/>
2010-12-27 16:18:28 [Join Room] opengen -&gt; Chat Lobby<br/>
2010-12-27 16:18:33 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Back on topic ... I'm concerned about 1. Consensus ...<br/>
2010-12-27 16:18:35 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: wb, Rysa<br/>
2010-12-27 16:18:48 [Exit Room] opengen -&gt; Chat Lobby<br/>
2010-12-27 16:18:49 [Join Room] opengen -&gt; Organizers Meeting<br/>
2010-12-27 16:18:55 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: So far on the wiki, there hasn't been much consensus.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:19:03 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: someone will have to glue Rysa to her seat.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:19:07 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I don't think 51% consensus will work.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:19:09 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I am aware of that<br/>
2010-12-27 16:19:19 [Message] opengen -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ;)<br/>
2010-12-27 16:19:21 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: now that you've hashed out a lot of things<br/>
2010-12-27 16:19:36 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: perhaps folks are willing to beging arriving at a consensus.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:19:47 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: perhaps folks are willing to beging arriving at a consensus.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:19:52 [Message] appletree2 -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'd really like to know what this German consensus of opinion is about<br/>
2010-12-27 16:20:06 [Message] appletree2 -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I can only find brief mentions of it on the BetterGEDCOM wiki<br/>
2010-12-27 16:20:08 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: You may certainly discuss that with them on the wiki.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:20:16 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: &amp;lt;-- think Ole Myrt borrowed the revolving Door from Velke's chat room!<br/>
2010-12-27 16:20:28 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: or personally... there is email availabel through the wiki.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:20:32 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: moving forward<br/>
2010-12-27 16:20:33 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: We are talking about creating a standard. If you can't get 98% of the people putting the standard together to agree on it, how can you get everyone else?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:20:51 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Louis -- I trust that this will work out eventually...<br/>
2010-12-27 16:20:58 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: no one said it would be easy, but then<br/>
2010-12-27 16:20:58 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: VALRES discussion in Non-Techie Viewpoints <a class="wiki_link_ext" href="message/view/home/29434177#31196021" rel="nofollow">message/view/home/29434177#31196021</a><br/>
2010-12-27 16:21:12 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: things of value are not easily achieved, are then.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:21:13 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br/>
2010-12-27 16:21:14 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br/>
2010-12-27 16:21:27 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: "I just want to inform you, that a group of 21 German speaking authors of various programs have joint into a vivid discussion on how to use GEDCOM 5.5.1 correctly. As a simple user I was surprised about the differences in interpretation the GEDCOM draft."<br/>
2010-12-27 16:21:56 [Message] appletree2 -&gt; Organizers Meeting: thank you GeneJ<br/>
2010-12-27 16:21:57 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'll ask GeneJ is she can experiment with me on using the 25 attendee meeting option, as my GoToMeeting account holds only 15 plus the presenter.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:22:14 [Message] appletree2 -&gt; Organizers Meeting: We have a GoToWebinar account<br/>
2010-12-27 16:22:26 [Message] appletree2 -&gt; Organizers Meeting: we would be happy to make available<br/>
2010-12-27 16:22:31 [Message] appletree2 -&gt; Organizers Meeting: it has a 100 person attendee limit<br/>
2010-12-27 16:22:33 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: we will determine the meeting place by Thursday of this week...a nd will note it on the blog.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:22:38 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok, thank-you, Scott.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:22:38 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ... is drooling<br/>
2010-12-27 16:22:40 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br/>
2010-12-27 16:22:40 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br/>
2010-12-27 16:23:08 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Louis --- you mentioned that there is a LOT of diverse discussion on the wiki<br/>
2010-12-27 16:23:28 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: can we talk about the wiki?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:23:29 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Yes. It's all very general about items that are quite theoretical.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:23:34 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: where are we stuck?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:23:55 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I feel we need to get down to compare the different models in detail.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:24:15 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: so we need to draw up an EXCEL worksheet in google docs?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:24:21 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: so we can compare field for field?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:24:26 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: is that what you are thinking?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:24:31 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: how can we assist?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:24:39 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Not field for field. That hides the overall goals.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:24:56 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Have to do a higher level. Entity by entity.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:25:02 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok, got that...<br/>
2010-12-27 16:25:06 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ... or GEDCOM Record by record.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:25:18 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: GeneJ is this where you think www.zotero.org will be useful over the wiki?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:25:39 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: kk<br/>
2010-12-27 16:25:47 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: is this?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:25:55 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Has anyone in the group NOT familiar with Zotero?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:26:15 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: www.zotero.org<br/>
2010-12-27 16:26:16 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I like that when working on an Excel worksheet in Google Docs -- and someone else is also editing it -- that you can see their changes in practically real time.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:26:19 [Disconnect] opengen<br/>
2010-12-27 16:26:31 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: is that how www.zotero.org works too?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:26:46 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Zotero is like EndNOTE,<br/>
2010-12-27 16:26:48 [IP] opengen: 173.51.247.22<br/>
2010-12-27 16:26:48 [Join Room] opengen -&gt; Organizers Meeting<br/>
2010-12-27 16:26:48 [Login] opengen<br/>
2010-12-27 16:27:01 [Message] opengen -&gt; Organizers Meeting: not sure why my browser keeps throwing me out in the cold<br/>
2010-12-27 16:27:11 [Message] opengen -&gt; Organizers Meeting: hold your tongue Scott<br/>
2010-12-27 16:27:13 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: it is an open source system for organizing and managing sources.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:27:17 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: we need a large white-board type thing -- where little sticky notes (colored for each interpretation of GEDCOMey stuff) can be posted, rearranged, etc.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:27:39 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I hold off on Zotero for a better time in the meeting.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:27:39 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: well, it is more word processing isn't it? Or am I crazy?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:27:57 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I don't really care what tool. To be honest, the wiki is fine. It retains all history. Why not use it?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:28:09 [Action] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: decides not to answer dearmyrtle's latest question.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:28:21 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Lol Tamura!<br/>
2010-12-27 16:28:30 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Believe what we need is a structure within which to present the comparisons.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:28:33 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: actually, Louis -- I live that.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:28:41 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: like that<br/>
2010-12-27 16:28:46 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: but the columns and rows<br/>
2010-12-27 16:28:56 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and being able to scroll better has its benefits.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:29:13 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: (Tamura -- I do like to give you reasons to rack up!)<br/>
2010-12-27 16:29:37 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: how about a NEW PAGE at the wiki -- that links to a sharable Google Doc (Excel Worksheet) would that work?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:29:44 [Message] appletree2 -&gt; Organizers Meeting: we're discussing comparing pros and cons of different models, right? seems a google doc spreadsheet makes the most sense<br/>
2010-12-27 16:29:45 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: whatever you all need -- we can make it.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:30:13 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I like the wiki PAGE ... with the link to the external work space.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:30:38 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: GeneJ seems right to me. If you want to compare existing models, why not do it in the existing wiki.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:30:40 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok --- then be SURE to send me a request <a class="wiki_link_ext" href="mailto:Myrt@DearMYRTLE.com" rel="nofollow">Myrt@DearMYRTLE.com</a> with your real email addresses, so I can SHARE a Google Doc worksheet linked for ready reference to a page here on the wiki.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:31:18 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: fortunately Excel will accept hyperlinks -- so link back to the particular discussion ont he wiki for more info?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:31:46 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'll make the worksheet tonight before I sign off... after posting the meeting log.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:31:56 [Message] appletree2 -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I think that makes sense Pat<br/>
2010-12-27 16:31:59 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: kk<br/>
2010-12-27 16:32:13 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: anything more about the wiki?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:32:36 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'll put an notice on the main BG wiki page and BG Blog -- about our meeting on the 3rd....<br/>
2010-12-27 16:32:48 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: 3rd or 2nd?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:32:50 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and also explain about the workspace.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:32:56 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: 3rd Monday.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:33:01 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: monday the 3rd.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:33:06 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: 10 am pacific us.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:33:15 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: are we ready to move to the wiki?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:33:19 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: to the blog?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:33:23 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: sorry.... ;)<br/>
2010-12-27 16:34:01 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Now Russ and I and GeneJ will be working hard to extend invitations to the lurkers -- for our 3rd Jan 2011 mtg.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:34:10 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: We can most likely expect Steve Morse as well.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:34:21 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br/>
2010-12-27 16:34:21 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br/>
2010-12-27 16:34:30 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: GeneJ you and Russ have been working hard on the BLOG<br/>
2010-12-27 16:34:45 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: let's table Russ' part of the blog<br/>
2010-12-27 16:34:49 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: until he arrives<br/>
2010-12-27 16:34:55 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: he has been doing some more testing<br/>
2010-12-27 16:34:57 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: KK ..<br/>
2010-12-27 16:35:04 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I thought you could do just one blanket invite to all Wiki members- didn't I see that somewhere&amp;gt;<br/>
2010-12-27 16:35:07 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and GeneJ I see you have linked to Tamura's acid tests.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:35:20 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Russ has been working on those.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:35:23 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ANDY I can do that for the registered members of the wiki.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:35:29 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: but we have lurkers who are website developers<br/>
2010-12-27 16:35:30 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I've acquired Reunion since the last meeting.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:35:41 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and some software developers who contact me personally from time to time.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:35:43 [Action] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: did not use any acid in the creation of the test files.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:35:48 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Haven't had a chance for Russ and I to connect on those tests<br/>
2010-12-27 16:35:57 [Action] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: giggles at Tamura.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:36:01 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Ahh.. get Dick et all to mention the meeting in their blogs ;)<br/>
2010-12-27 16:36:02 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Ooooo ... just secret spices.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:36:15 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: yes, I'll send out the notice.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:36:25 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: fortunately we have a strong blogging community<br/>
2010-12-27 16:36:38 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I am working on a blog about Zotero. www.zotero.org<br/>
2010-12-27 16:36:39 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: GeneJ: You've "acquired" Reunion? Must have set you back a few million $.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:36:40 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and they are more than painfully aware of GEDCOM shortcomings and are pulling for a real change.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:37:08 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: It was a Xmas gift<br/>
2010-12-27 16:37:12 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I think the blog is a very positive component for a variety of reasons, GeneJ....<br/>
2010-12-27 16:37:25 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I shoud stop complaining about running genealogy on the win side of the machine.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:37:46 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: as there have been some complimentary comments (public and private) from the more "professional" research types....<br/>
2010-12-27 16:37:52 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: (read that non-techie!)<br/>
2010-12-27 16:38:08 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: tyty<br/>
2010-12-27 16:38:15 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: also, GeneJ your work demonstrates to technical types as well as newbiew researchers<br/>
2010-12-27 16:38:22 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: tyty<br/>
2010-12-27 16:38:25 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: just how one develops a research argument<br/>
2010-12-27 16:38:39 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: particularly where the document doesn't<br/>
2010-12-27 16:38:48 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: specifically state a family relationship.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:38:49 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: yes<br/>
2010-12-27 16:38:55 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: we will continue that effort.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:39:08 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and include more pictures, too<br/>
2010-12-27 16:39:15 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: wish that we all had birth, marirage and death records with DNA proof from the time of the creation... but it's not a perfect world.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:39:33 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I've also noted that TMG's mailing list has been wrangling about how the software<br/>
2010-12-27 16:39:53 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: handles source fields...<br/>
2010-12-27 16:39:56 [Message] appletree2 -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I've enjoyed reading your posts GeneJ<br/>
2010-12-27 16:40:05 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Oh, I am honored!<br/>
2010-12-27 16:40:10 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: but we've got challenges with RM, Legacy, Reunion, AQ, etc... etc.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:40:35 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I think since the blog, there has been more interaction between those "end user" types<br/>
2010-12-27 16:40:40 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and the "techie types".<br/>
2010-12-27 16:40:43 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: TMG and sources is a whole 'nother world when you consider their customizable templates!<br/>
2010-12-27 16:40:52 [Action] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: nods<br/>
2010-12-27 16:41:13 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and who is to say some of the complainers just are inexperienced users or inexperienced researchers.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:41:21 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: you techies sure have yoru work cut out for you.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:41:24 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br/>
2010-12-27 16:41:25 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br/>
2010-12-27 16:41:30 [Action] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: thinks the idea of a standard is to get everyone in the same world...<br/>
2010-12-27 16:41:39 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: regardless of language<br/>
2010-12-27 16:41:51 [Action] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: nods at Tamura.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:42:06 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Is there anything else the blogging side could do for you "techie" types<br/>
2010-12-27 16:42:16 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: to illustrate a point ?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:42:18 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br/>
2010-12-27 16:42:18 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br/>
2010-12-27 16:42:23 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: what CAN we do to support you?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:42:54 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: (moving on to the "roles" portion of the agenda... as you perhaps noticed.)<br/>
2010-12-27 16:43:04 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: has the wiki side<br/>
2010-12-27 16:43:11 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: decided it is better to compose a new standard<br/>
2010-12-27 16:43:20 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: or temporarily patch the exisitng GEDCOM?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:43:36 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I think there's disagreement.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:43:38 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: that was one of the open questions from last Monday's meeting.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:43:47 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Let's compromise--- Let's patch the new standard! :)<br/>
2010-12-27 16:43:53 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: rotflol<br/>
2010-12-27 16:44:01 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Brilliant suggestion.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:44:06 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ...<br/>
2010-12-27 16:44:14 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I believe that comparisons work is what we need ...<br/>
2010-12-27 16:44:15 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: WOW, you got the seal of approval from Tamura.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:44:30 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: with the comparisons -- we shall see much emerge, I suspect.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:44:34 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Unfortunately, there's no new standard yet to patch.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:44:40 [Message] appletree2 -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Is there anyone who would want to patch the old standard?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:44:42 [Action] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: nods<br/>
2010-12-27 16:44:59 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: probably the local duct tape franchise.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:45:04 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: kk<br/>
2010-12-27 16:45:05 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Again, I believe it is the comparisons that are needed<br/>
2010-12-27 16:45:09 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: seriously though.....<br/>
2010-12-27 16:45:22 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: we will go forward with the comparison worksheet right after the meeting.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:45:23 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br/>
2010-12-27 16:45:23 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'd like to start with GEDCOM 6.0 XML draft and fix that.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:45:23 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br/>
2010-12-27 16:45:27 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: &amp;lt;-- as a *very* short term goal only- not as a cure<br/>
2010-12-27 16:45:48 [Action] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: nods<br/>
2010-12-27 16:46:17 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: We've got 15 minutes --- and we've actually accomplished a great deal.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:46:24 [Message] appletree2 -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'm not that familiar, but wasn't GEDCOM 6.0 little more than GEDCOM, with all its deficiencies, in XML format?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:46:30 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Louis, that is what Andy said ;-)<br/>
2010-12-27 16:46:35 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: We need to see what is wrong and fix it, and what is essential and missing and add it. To me that is the "patch".<br/>
2010-12-27 16:46:56 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Again, I think we need the comparisons.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:47:03 [Action] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: nods<br/>
2010-12-27 16:47:07 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: No, "GEDCOM 6.0" is a misnomer. It is quite different.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:47:15 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: They had made some changes. I believe Places became an Entity/Record.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:47:20 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: All we will do is disagree if we try to agree on theoretical issues<br/>
2010-12-27 16:47:34 [Message] appletree2 -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ok, I'll have to review GEDCOM 6.0<br/>
2010-12-27 16:47:39 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: that haven't been worked to the point of presentation<br/>
2010-12-27 16:47:43 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: well... let's see what develops this week with the worksheet.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:47:51 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: 6.0 should be compared with 5.5 in the spreadsheet, so everyone can see the differences.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:47:58 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and our meeting on Monday will be most enlightening.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:47:59 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: err... wiki page AND worksheet<br/>
2010-12-27 16:48:14 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: spreadsheet on wiki page?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:48:16 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: My column headings will jsut be place holders, for you techie types to rearranged and rename, etc.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:48:33 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: We will have a wiki PAGE and it will link to the spreadsheet, right?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:48:33 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: no, Tamura -- on a shared Google Doc.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:48:37 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: we need the wiki page.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:48:45 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: yes right.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:49:08 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I believe it is still premature to determine an agenda for what to discuss at ROOTSTECH....<br/>
2010-12-27 16:49:12 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: wiki-embedded google doc?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:49:26 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: is that possible, Tamura?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:49:31 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: If so, I'd need your help doing it.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:49:48 [Action] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: withdraws the previous suggestion.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:50:03 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Suffice it to say, that our BetterGEDCOM work will progress<br/>
2010-12-27 16:50:09 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ;-)<br/>
2010-12-27 16:50:17 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Slips Tamura nice fluffy pillow<br/>
2010-12-27 16:50:18 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and we can report on it at RootsTech during the several open forum time periods.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:50:31 [Action] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: passes around a tray of homemade cookies.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:50:42 [Message] opengen -&gt; Organizers Meeting: anyone have nut allergies?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:50:50 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Google help: <a class="wiki_link_ext" href="http://docs.google.com/support/bin/answer.py?hl=en&amp;answer=86101" rel="nofollow">http://docs.google.com/support/bin/answer.py?hl=en&amp;answer=86101</a><br/>
2010-12-27 16:51:04 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: virtual cookies have no alergens and no calories! LOL<br/>
2010-12-27 16:51:12 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: thanks, Tamura. I'll do it!<br/>
2010-12-27 16:51:15 [Message] opengen -&gt; Organizers Meeting: sweet - no calories!<br/>
2010-12-27 16:51:28 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: "Centerians of the 1850 U.s. Census" - out in July.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:51:37 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Any new items to discuss?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:51:43 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: OPPS! sorry- wrong screen !<br/>
2010-12-27 16:51:47 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I would like to discuss Zotero<br/>
2010-12-27 16:51:51 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: kk<br/>
2010-12-27 16:51:58 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: you've got the mic, now GeneJ.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:52:04 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: how will it help the developers?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:52:08 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Is anyone here not familiar with Zotero?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:52:39 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Only briefly looked at it.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:52:55 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I can't past a web link to the discussion .<br/>
2010-12-27 16:53:10 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I've got it open in another window.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:53:11 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: <a class="wiki_link_ext" href="message/view/Source+Entity/32067062" rel="nofollow">message/view/Source+Entity/32067062</a><br/>
2010-12-27 16:53:30 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: There is also video on the Zotero website ..<br/>
2010-12-27 16:53:40 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: <a class="wiki_link_ext" href="http://www.zotero.org/support/quick_start_guide" rel="nofollow">http://www.zotero.org/support/quick_start_guide</a><br/>
2010-12-27 16:53:54 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: While there are lots of IFs involved<br/>
2010-12-27 16:54:01 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: The question I would have is how much of the XML based citation language would be applicable to GEDCOM.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:54:20 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Why not add it as one of the Data Models to be included in the comparison.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:54:29 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: good idea.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:54:32 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Because I am inept.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:54:54 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I can blog about the functionality ...<br/>
2010-12-27 16:54:55 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I don't speak XML either. I just read it.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:55:01 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and I can blog about the practicality<br/>
2010-12-27 16:55:08 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: but I can't write or propose code.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:55:28 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: It does seem that IF BetterGEDCOM<br/>
2010-12-27 16:55:35 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Oh. So you can't tell if it actually works well or not. :-)<br/>
2010-12-27 16:55:49 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Ooo ... we would need to work with Zotero ..<br/>
2010-12-27 16:56:05 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Genealogy citations are not part of Zotero at the present time.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:56:23 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Zotero already WORK for other disciplines.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:56:26 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: works<br/>
2010-12-27 16:57:09 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: And you are talking historians COULD Use it, but genealogists have more specific citation examples to work into a proof argument?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:57:25 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: That is exactly correct, Myrt.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:57:39 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: kk... so this is something to watch, eh?<br/>
2010-12-27 16:57:46 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: And we like to do things like include web publisher name AND URL<br/>
2010-12-27 16:57:46 [Message] appletree2 -&gt; Organizers Meeting: How does Zotero play a role in BetterGEDCOM? Forgive me if I'm a little confused after watching their video demonstration<br/>
2010-12-27 16:58:09 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'm saying that<br/>
2010-12-27 16:58:20 [Message] appletree2 -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I can see how Zotero is helpful in writing papers that need references<br/>
2010-12-27 16:58:22 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: we at Better Gedcom should consider working with Zotero<br/>
2010-12-27 16:58:28 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: to develop a Genealogy style.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:58:48 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: then dovetail the work on BETTERGEDCOM into that particular style set up.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:59:07 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: That may be a desirable goal later on --- I think we have our hands full working with file transfer problems end users experience.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:59:09 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: In doing so, genealogy software then could being to<br/>
2010-12-27 16:59:24 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: "map" to an open sourced standard<br/>
2010-12-27 16:59:34 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I agree with dearmyrtle.<br/>
2010-12-27 16:59:39 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and hopefully it would make the software itself<br/>
2010-12-27 17:00:00 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Actually, I disagree<br/>
2010-12-27 17:00:12 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I don't think we will reach a reasonable degree of<br/>
2010-12-27 17:00:32 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: consensus on source handling without a greater purpose.<br/>
2010-12-27 17:01:02 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: But I am happy to save my comments .. looking at the time ... for later.<br/>
2010-12-27 17:01:09 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: oen thing to keep in mind is that the work at BetterGEDCOM will come forth in batches --<br/>
2010-12-27 17:01:32 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: In effect, Zotero just needs to develop a style for Mills' templates, then software developers agree to all use thos exact templates and software companies agree to abidw by those rules- simple! ;)<br/>
2010-12-27 17:02:01 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Actually, tempates can be ADDED to zotero.<br/>
2010-12-27 17:02:02 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Simple. If zotero even exists a year from now.<br/>
2010-12-27 17:02:09 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and that marvelously improved source (citation) handling and attaching acanned images and transfering to another user -- are both laudable goals.<br/>
2010-12-27 17:02:15 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: It's the elements in the templates that must be understood by Zotero<br/>
2010-12-27 17:02:37 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Thanks for beginning the discussion of Zotero, GeneJ.<br/>
2010-12-27 17:02:41 [IP] hrworth: 68.46.130.122<br/>
2010-12-27 17:02:41 [Login] hrworth<br/>
2010-12-27 17:02:42 [Join Room] hrworth -&gt; Chat Lobby<br/>
2010-12-27 17:02:45 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: It's now 5pm....<br/>
2010-12-27 17:02:50 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ZOTERO exists TODAY<br/>
2010-12-27 17:02:59 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and our time has expired --<br/>
2010-12-27 17:03:04 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I see Russ has arrived.<br/>
2010-12-27 17:03:10 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Scott- when and where is tomorrow's OpenGen meeting?<br/>
2010-12-27 17:03:40 [Message] appletree2 -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Andy, thanks for asking<br/>
2010-12-27 17:03:45 [Message] appletree2 -&gt; Organizers Meeting: <a class="wiki_link_ext" href="https://www1.gotomeeting.com/register/387128913" rel="nofollow">https://www1.gotomeeting.com/register/387128913</a><br/>
2010-12-27 17:03:55 [Message] appletree2 -&gt; Organizers Meeting: 1pm pacific time, 9pm UTC<br/>
2010-12-27 17:03:56 [Disconnect] hrworth<br/>
2010-12-27 17:04:00 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Good luck with your project.<br/>
2010-12-27 17:04:03 [Message] Andy_Hatchett -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Thanks.<br/>
2010-12-27 17:04:05 [Login] hrworth<br/>
2010-12-27 17:04:05 [IP] hrworth: 68.46.130.122<br/>
2010-12-27 17:04:06 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'll proceed with posting the notes<br/>
2010-12-27 17:04:06 [Join Room] hrworth -&gt; Organizers Meeting<br/>
2010-12-27 17:04:12 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: (log)<br/>
2010-12-27 17:04:33 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and creating the Google Doc -- (send me your emails for sharing!)<br/>
2010-12-27 17:04:40 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and linking it back to a new wiki page<br/>
2010-12-27 17:05:17 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: and referencing our large group meeting on Monday 3rd Jan 2011 at 10am Pacific time. We will determine the location and let everyone know in that meeting announcement.<br/>
2010-12-27 17:05:33 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: any other items on the agenda?<br/>
2010-12-27 17:05:41 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: We kept it to 65 minutes.<br/>
2010-12-27 17:06:03 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: if there are no other topics to discuss, I'll close the log....<br/>
2010-12-27 17:06:06 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: 5<br/>
2010-12-27 17:06:07 [Message] opengen -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Thanks<br/>
2010-12-27 17:06:09 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: 4<br/>
2010-12-27 17:06:10 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: 3<br/>
2010-12-27 17:06:11 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: 2<br/>
2010-12-27 17:06:12 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: 1<br/>
2010-12-27 17:06:21 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: THANK-you everyone!<br/>
2010-12-27 17:06:26 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: =============================================<br/>
2010-12-27 17:06:45 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: is this the meeting AFTER the meeting?<br/>
2010-12-27 17:07:09 [Disconnect] opengen<br/>
2010-12-27 17:07:15 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: You mean, where are the real decision are made? ;-)<br/>
2010-12-27 17:07:21 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'd like to mention that someone wrote to me inquiring why BetterGEDCOM was chosen for the name of the wiki and blog....<br/>
2010-12-27 17:07:34 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: that it implied we were only planning to patch up the old GEDCOM format.<br/>
2010-12-27 17:07:35 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: .<br/>
2010-12-27 17:07:51 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: My thinking was that it was a recognizable buzz word ---<br/>
2010-12-27 17:08:01 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: as opposed to:<br/>
2010-12-27 17:08:17 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Anything is likely to work better than the old gedcom when it comes to file sharing.<br/>
2010-12-27 17:08:33 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: That was just too long a title.<br/>
2010-12-27 17:08:49 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I assume that the final product may not have BetterGEDCOM in the title<br/>
2010-12-27 17:09:04 [Message] TamuraJones -&gt; Organizers Meeting: So it really is BetterThanGEDCOM?<br/>
2010-12-27 17:09:09 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: "Build a BetterGEDCOM" is what we're about.<br/>
2010-12-27 17:09:18 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Waybetterthangedcom! ;)<br/>
2010-12-27 17:09:26 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: so long as we don't end up with *.BEG<br/>
2010-12-27 17:09:57 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: a file extention will have to be determined, that is for sure!<br/>
2010-12-27 17:10:04 [Message] louiskessler -&gt; Organizers Meeting: Soup's on the table. Regarding Zotaro - will add discussion topic. Gotta go. Bye.<br/>
2010-12-27 17:10:09 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: but that is the least of the problems, I'd say, eh?<br/>
2010-12-27 17:10:42 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I'll go create the Google DOC, and post an email to everyone<br/>
2010-12-27 17:10:57 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: if you'd like access -- write to me <a class="wiki_link_ext" href="mailto:myrt@DearMYRTLE.com" rel="nofollow">myrt@DearMYRTLE.com</a><br/>
2010-12-27 17:11:10 [Logout] louiskessler<br/>
2010-12-27 17:11:11 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: I promise to share your email with only the world's most exclusive spammers!<br/>
2010-12-27 17:11:14 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ...maybe link it TO the Wiki page and send the wiki page link to everyone<br/>
2010-12-27 17:11:16 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: thanks everyone!<br/>
2010-12-27 17:11:31 [Message] GeneJ -&gt; Organizers Meeting: ni ni all<br/>
2010-12-27 17:11:37 [Disconnect] GeneJ<br/>
2010-12-27 17:11:41 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: &lt;---------------------- working on other SCREEN.....<br/>
2010-12-27 17:11:43 [Message] dearmyrtle -&gt; Organizers Meeting: thanks<br/>
2010-12-27 17:12:43 [Disconnect] dearmyrtle<br/>
2010-12-27 17:12:51 [Disconnect] hrworth<br/>
2010-12-27 17:12:56 [Disconnect] TamuraJones<br/>
<br/>
<h1 id="toc0"> </h1>
</div>
<hr/><h1>Comments</h1><div class="comment"><div class="from"><strong>louiskessler</strong> 2010-12-27T18:15:56-08:00</div>
<div class="title">Zotaro</div>
<div class="text">After the chat, I just wanted to clarify my statements about Zotero. GeneJ seems to have a great interest in it, and that's not a bad thing.<br/>
<br/>
I am not against Zotero, or Tom's model, or Mike's model, or the GRAMPS model or any of the other models. But if this group's goal is to make a BetterGEDCOM, then we have to concentrate on what GEDCOM needs, and that means we can't each all go off and study 100 different models. If GeneJ or others who know it can contribute ideas from Zotero, then that's great.<br/>
<br/>
But then, Zotero isn't the only thing out there. There are others, e.g. RefWorks.com, citeuLike.org, 2Collab.com, Connotea.org, Mendeley.com, Endnoteweb (endnote.com/enwebinfo.asp) and who knows how many more. If you want to study these and compare and contrast them, then it's a whole new universe to explore.<br/>
<br/>
We should concentrate on trying to get BetterGEDCOM to have very general capabilities and be able to incorporate any of these bibliographic systems without having to tie itself to any one.</div><div class="comment"><div class="from"><strong>louiskessler</strong> 2010-12-27T18:18:01-08:00</div>
<div class="text">Whoops. Spelled Zotero correctly everywhere but in the Title of this thread. But I can't change it or delete the thread, so it's there forever.</div></div></div></body>
</html>
